This technical document will guide you through researching and developing a
quantitative trading strategy in ALGOGENE. It covers many of the basics of
ALGOGENE's API, and is designed for those who are new to the platform. All you
need to get started is to have some basic Python programming skills.
A trading algorithm is nothing but a computer program with pre-defined rule
sets to execute trade orders. It has benefits over human traders in the
timeliness and accuracy of execution, the computational speed for big data
analysis, and the elimination of emotional effects. Most trading algorithms
make decisions based on mathematical or statistical models that are derived
from research conducted on historical data. To develop a successful algorithm
for live trade, it is crucial to find an economic or statistical relationship
on which we can base our strategy. Then, we will define our trading strategy
and test whether it can effectively generate returns based on historical data.
ALGOGENE supports the use of third party libraries utilizing different academic
theories and state of the art algorithms for strategy development. It covers
packages for mathematical optimization, statistical modelling, technical
analysis, machine learning, data mining, etc. For example, NumPy, SciPy,
Pandas, Math, Matplotlib, SciKit-Learn, TA-Lib, etc.To use these libraries, you
can simply add an 'import' statement at the beginning of your script.
ALGOGENE provides strategy backtest and development over various Commodities,
Cryptos, Equities, Equity Index, FX pairs, and Interest Rate Future CFDs, from
2000 up to the most recently completed trading month. All the datasets are
standardized into the same GMT+0 time zone.
Here is to explain how the 'CONTRACT SIZE' and 'SETTLE CURRENCY' is related to
the calculation of margin amount and profit-and-loss under backtest environment
as well as in real trading.

Suppose we have HKD as the base currency (also called home or local currency).
We also open a long position of 1 contract for SPXUSD at US$2700 with leverage
50:1, where the exchange rate for USDHKD at that time is 7.781. Then, for
opening such an order, the margin amount will be 100*2700/50*7.781 =
HK$42,017.4
It means that our currenct account balance should have at least HK$42,017.4 in
order to open such an order. Otherwise, the order will be rejected.

On the other hand, suppose we close the position when SPXUSD rises to US$2750
in the meantime USDHKD becomes 7.782. The profit-and-loss will then be
calculated as

PnL = 100*(2750*7.782-2700*7.781) = HK$39,180
ALGOGENE's Python IDE is where you develop your trading idea. The platform is
architected in an event streaming model to process data and to simulate
historical environment. It defines a simple but powerful object-oriented API
callbacks as building blocks. The building blocks include init_MarketData,
on_marketdatafeed, on_bulkdatafeed, on_newsdatafeed, on_econsdatafeed,
on_weatherdatafeed, on_orderfeed, on_openPositionfeed and on_dailyPLfeed.
In the design, ALGOGENE strived to make everything as simple as possible while
preseving all essential components. The reason of doing this is to lower the
barrier for people from different background to get into the field of
algorithmic trading.

Now, we are pound that the skeleton of ALGOGENE framework is structured in less
than 50 lines of code.
Once you have come up with a trading strategy, the first step to backtest it on
ALGOGENE is to initialize the backtest environment. To do so, you should go to
'Backtest' -> 'script' section. There will be serveral components essential to
be defined. That are Strategy Name, Backtest Start Month, Backtest End Month,
Data Interval, Initial Capital, Leverage, Allow Short Sell, Position Netting,
Enable News Stream, Enable Economics Stream, Enable Weather Stream, Transaction
Cost, Risk free rate, Instruments and Benchmark.
Strategy Name: A strategy name simply provides a high level description for a
strategy backtest. It doesn't have to be unique, or it can even be set to an
empty string. Nevertheless, it is strongly encouraged to give a meaningful name
so that when your number of backtests increase, you can easily identify the
desired script from [My History] pool.
Start Period: You are required to specify the starting month for backtest. In
case you have multiple instruments, it is recommended to set it to be the month
in which all datasets of subscripted instruments are available.
End Period: Similarly, you are also required to specify the end month for
backtesting, which must be at least equal to or greater than the start period.
Any invalid setting will by default set to the same as start period.
Data Interval: Data interval refers to the frequency of data feed used for
backtesting. The higher frequency you choose, the more accurate trading results
it will generated, but in the compensation of higher computational burden and
longer processing time. As a result, it is suggested to use an infrequent
dataset for quick testing or debugging purposes. Once your algo and strategy is
coded properly, then you might apply to a tick environment for a full
simulation.

ALGOGENE currently supports 5 data intervals (i.e. 1 day bar, 1 hour bar, 5 min
bar, 1 min bar, full tick). An important point to note here is that News,
Economic Statistics, or other non-market data feed will only be available under
full tick data environment.
Initial Capital: Initial capital is the initial investment amount in dollar
value you use to execute a trading strategy. For strategy backtest, to simplify
the complexity of capital management, ALGOGENE assumes every trading algorithm
is a self financing strategy. That is, during the backtesting period, there
will no further capital or deposits be introduced.

Moreover, the backtest will be terminated once your capital balance goes to or
below zero. Thus, in the early stage of your algorithm development, you are
adviced to set it in a higher amount. In the later development stage, you might
try to low this value in order to better utilize the capital.

Here, you can set it as any positive value. Any invalid setting will by default
set to 1000000.
Base Currency: Base currency refers to the account currency unit for your
specified initial capital amount. For each trade order, the profit and loss
will be converted from the settle currency to the base currency.
Leverage: Different markets/ brokers/ countries have different restrictions on
the maximum leverage one can take. Therefore, ALGOGENE provides a flexibility
to set the leverage ratio subject to your own risk appetite. In market
practice, common leverage ratios include 5:1, 10:1, 20:1, 33:1, 50:1, and 100:
1. For example, a 50:1 ratio mean $10,000 capital will have a maximum
purchasing power of 50*10000 = $500,000.
Here you can set it as any positive integer number. Any invalid setting will be
by default set to 1. That is, no leverage is taken.
Allow Short Sell: In real world, there might be difficulites or restrictions on
short sell over certain markets. This variable is introduced to better simulate
the real situation.

If it is set to False, any submitted sell orders without positve inventory will
be rejected by the system. In contrast, a 'True' setting has no restriction on
opening order in either long/short direction, as long as you have sufficient
capital to execute that trades.
Position Netting: It is for system handling for partial close.

Suppose you open 3 offsetting trades:

#1: buy 2 share of ABC at $123
#2: sell 1 share of ABC at $124
#3: sell 1 share of ABC at $125

If position netting is disabled, all transactions are managed in a round order
mannar and you need to close the 3 trades separately in order to realize the
PnL. Thus, the PnL is unrealized and calculated to be 2*(bid - 123) + 1*(124 -
ask) + 1*(125 - ask) = $3 + 2*(bid - ask).

If position netting is enabled, orders will be offsetted based on FIFO (First
In, First Out) approach, and PL will become realized so long as position is net
to zero. Thus, your PnL in this case will be realized at $3.
Transaction Cost: To better simulate the trading performance in real market,
you can specify the per order transaction cost based on your knowledge and
experience. It will be expressed in an all-in amount to cover any kind of
trading costs, eg. broker fee, tax, stamp duty, etc. The cost is calculated in
multiple to your transact number of contract and lot. For example, suppose you
set this per order trade cost as 10 and you buy 5 contract of SPXUSD at $3000,
the charged transaction cost amount will then be 5*10 = $50

Moreover, the cost will be charged at the begining of successful open order,
and no charge will be involved to close an order. Also, any rejected or
cancelled trades will not be charged.

At the beginning of your strategy development, it is suggested to set it as
zero, so that you can easily identify whether your algorithm has a potential to
generate consistent return. Later, you can include a more realistic assumption
for the transaction cost.

Here you can set it as any positive number. Any invalid setting will be by
default set to 0. That is, no transaction cost is taken into account.
Risk free rate: Risk-free rate is the minimum guranteed interest rate that you
could receive if your capital is alternatively invested on a risk-free asset
(eg. US treasury bond, bank saving rate, etc). System by defualt set to 0.
Instruments: It is neccessary to select at least 1 instrument to include in
backtest. The available instrument symbols can be referred to 'Data Source'
section.

For Options/Futures, subscribing an instrument will automatically bind to the
whole contract chains for different expiry/strike/right.
Benchmark: It compares how your strategy performs relative to a benchmark 'buy-
and-hold' strategy of a selected index or underlying.
Enable News Stream: It provides news feed from various global publishers in
multiple languages.

When news data feed is on, the backtest instance will additionally listen to
historical News events in a callback sequence together with the market data
stream.
Enable Economics Stream: This data stream provides fundamental statistics in
country- or city-wide including GDP, Inflation Rate, Unemployment Rate, etc. It
supports analysis from economic perspectives.

If this data feed is on, the backtest instance will additionally listen to
Economics events in a callback sequence.
Enable Weather Stream: Some financial markets such as commodity usually found
to have cyclical or seasonal effect. This data stream provides city-wide
weather status such as temperature, humudity, wind speed, etc.

If weather feed is on, the backtest instance will additionally listen to
weather events in a callback sequence.
Under [My History] section, all your previous backtest results and outstanding
running tasks can be found.

For any non-finished oustanding task(s), you can either 'Load' to view its
latest simulation image, or 'Cancel' the running task. For historical completed
backtests, you can also either 'Load' to view the full result, or 'Delete'
unwanted backtests.
After initializing the set up for backtest environment, you are now prepared to
get into the core part to code up your strategy. ALGOGENE event handlers are
basically server-client callback functions, where your client script will
receive messages whenever there is new event update.
Stream Market Data Feed: The API function 'on_marketdatafeed' allows you to get
price, volume, sensitivity, and order book data for the subscripted
instruments. This API is a First-In-First-Out (FIFO) data stream that pop out
market data in the sequence of time. It is particularly useful for tick data
simulation. You can access the market data from 'md' object as below. Besides,
whenever there is market data update, the latest account balance can be
retrieved from object 'ab'. On the other hand, the details of Account balance
can be accessed via 'ab' object using dictionary key method.
‘md’ object include following attribute: instrument, expiry, right, strike,
minTick, symbol, timestamp, bidPrice, askPrice, midPrice, highPrice, lowPrice,
lastPrice, volume, bidSize, askSize, bidOrderBook, and askOrderBook. Here are
the description of the attributes:

instrument: represents the instrument name of a subscripted data stream,
represented as a string.
expiry: represents the expiry date of the future/option contract, represented
as a string in the format 'yyyymmdd'. This attribute is empty for non-option/
future contracts.
right: represents the call/put side of the option contract, represented as a
string with a value of either 'C' or 'P'. This attribute is empty for non-
option contracts.
strike: represents the strike price of the option contract, represented as a
float. The value of this attribute is zero for non-option contracts.
minTick: represents the minimum level of price changes, represented as a float.
symbol: represents the symbol name of the instrument, represented as a string.
For future contracts, the value of this attribute is the concatenation of the
instrument name and the expiry date. For option contracts, the value of this
attribute is the concatenation of the instrument name, the expiry date, the
call/put side, and the strike price. For non-option/future contracts, the value
of this attribute is the same as the instrument name.
timestamp: represents the historical timestamp for that particular stream,
represented as a datetime object. For non-tick datasets, this attribute
represents the closing time for that particular OHLC bar.
bidPrice: represents the best price you can sell to market at that particular
time point, represented as a float.
askPrice: represents the best price you can buy from market at that particular
time point, represented as a float.
midPrice: represents the average of the bidPrice and askPrice, represented as a
float.
highPrice: represents the highest mid price within a specified data bar. In the
case of full tick data, this attribute is equal to midPrice, represented as a
float.
lowPrice: represents the lowest mid price within a specified data bar. In the
case of full tick data, this attribute is equal to midPrice, represented as a
float.
lastPrice: represents the last closing mid price for a specified data bar. In
the case of full tick data, this attribute is equal to midPrice, represented as
a float.
volume: represents the number of market trades for a specified data bar. In the
case of full tick data, this attribute is equal to 1, represented as an
integer.
bidSize: represents the available trading volume at the current bid price,
represented as a float.
askSize: represents the available trading volume at the current ask price,
represented as a float.
bidOrderBook: represents the current bid order book, represented as a list of
lists where each sub-list refers to a pair of ['price', 'volume']. The list is
sorted in ascending order of the best bid. This attribute is only available
under a full tick environment.
askOrderBook: represents the current ask order book, represented as a list of
lists where each sub-list refers to a pair of ['price', 'volume']. The list is
sorted in ascending order of the best ask. This attribute is only available
under a full tick environment.
The keys in the 'ab' object are realizedPL, unrealizedPL, cumDeposit, NAV,
marginUsed, and availableBalance. The realizedPL key represents the total
realized Profit and Loss of all closed trades, represented in dollar amount in
the base currency of the portfolio. The unrealizedPL key represents the total
unrealized Profit and Loss of all outstanding opened trades, also represented
in dollar amount in the base currency of the portfolio. The cumDeposit key
represents the net amount of capital invested in a portfolio, represented in
dollar amount in the base currency of the portfolio. The NAV key represents the
latest Net Asset Value of a portfolio, also represented in dollar amount in the
base currency of the portfolio. The NAV key is calculated as the sum of
cumDeposit, realizedPL, and unrealizedPL. The marginUsed key represents the
used amount of capital (in base currency) at that particular time point,
represented in dollar amount in the base currency of the portfolio. Finally,
the availableBalance key represents the remaining account balance (in base
currency) that is available to trade, also represented in dollar amount in the
base currency of the portfolio. The availableBalance key is calculated as the
difference between the NAV and marginUsed.
Bulk Data Feed: There is another way to assess market data via
'on_bulkdatafeed'. From this function, all your subscripted instrument(s) will
be presented in a JSON/ Python dictionary object 'bd', and you can extract all
of their latest images at the same time. It is particularly useful for non-tick
data simulation or cross assets strategy development.
on_bulkdatafeed' has very similar attributes as 'on_marketdatafeed', except
that it has to be assessed with a directory key method. The first key for 'bd'
is your subscripted symbol, while the second key for 'bd[your_symbol]' has the
same attributes as 'md' object
More importantly, for muliple instrument subscription under non tick data
environment (say 1 hour bar), it is common that different instruments may have
different trading hours. To check whether the market datasets for all
instruments are aligned or updated to the same OHLC bar, it can be refered to
'isSync' where TRUE means all the subscripted instruments have been updated to
the same time horizon.
News Data Feed: ALGOGENE News database is sourced from 200+ different channels
globally, including BBC, CNN, Reuters, etc. The news context also covers
various languages in English, Chinese, Japenese, Korean, French, German, etc.
These provide a strong fundation for trading strategy development in Natural
Langauge Processing (NPL).

News event data can be accessed via callback function 'on_newsdatafeed'. Below
example shows you how to get each received news headline and print the result
to console.
The 'nd' object in the 'on_newsdatafeed' function include following keys:
published (datetime), source (string), category (string), title (string),
authors (list), text (string), top_image (string), movies (list), link
(string), and lang (string). Here are the description of the keys:
published: datetime - the timestamp of the published news in UTC+0
source: string - the publisher of the news
category: string - the category of the news
title: string - the headline of the news
authors: list - the author(s) who wrote the news
text: string - the context of the news article
top_image: string - the URL of images included in the news
movies: list - the URL(s) of video clips included in the news
link: string - the official URL of the news article
lang: string - the language used in the news, following ISO 639-1 codes
Weather Data Feed: ALGOGENE weather database collected real-time weather
details from over 200+ cities and regions globally.

Weather event data can be accessed via callback function 'on_weatherdatafeed'.
The details can be accessed via a JSON/ dictionary-key methods. Below example
shows you how to get each received city and temperature and print the result to
console.
The 'wd' object in the 'on_weatherdatafeed' function includes following keys:
timestamp, city, country, coord_lat, coord_lon, sunrise, sunset, visibility,
pressure, temperature_min, temperature_max, temperature, humidity, wind_speed,
wind_degree, weather, weather_desc, and clouds. Here are the descriptions of
the keys:

timestamp: The recorded timestamp of the weather event, standardized into
UTC+0.
city: The city/region of the weather event.
country: The country/region code of the weather event.
coord_lat: The geographical coordinate in latitude for the recorded location.
coord_lon: The geographical coordinate in longitude for the recorded location.
sunrise: The sunrise time of the recorded date.
sunset: The forecast sunset time of the recorded date.
visibility: The visibility, unit in miles. None for missing value.
pressure: The atmospheric pressure of the city at the recorded time, unit in
Dynes per square centimeter.
temperature_min: The minimum temperature of the city on the recorded date, unit
in Fahrenheit (F).
temperature_max: The maximum temperature of the city on the recorded date, unit
in Fahrenheit (F).
temperature: The temperature of the city at the recorded time, unit in
Fahrenheit (F).
humidity: The humidity of the city at the recorded time, unit in percentage
(%).
wind_speed: The wind speed of the city at the recorded time, unit in miles per
hour (mph).
wind_degree: The wind degree of the city at the recorded time, value range from
0 to 360 degree.
weather: High level classification of the city's weather.
weather_desc: Detailed description of the city's weather.
clouds: The density of cloud of the city, value ranging from 0 to 100.
Economics Statistics Data Feed: ALGOGENE Economics database collected over
10,000 economic time series across different countries and regions globally.
There are 100,000+ economics time series in the database. For runtime
efficiency, the search result will list out a maximum of 10,000 matched
records. It is advised to further fine-tune the search in order to get your
desired time series.

Economics event data can be accessed via callback function 'on_econsdatafeed'.
The details can be accessed via a JSON/ dictionary-key methods. Here is a quick
example to print the received data stream to console.
The 'ed' object in the 'on_econsdatafeed' function includes following keys:
timestamp, series_id, title, tag, seasonal_adj, popularity, obs_start, src,
geo, freq, date, units, and value. Here are the description of the keys:
timestamp: datetime. The timestamp of the Economic data release, standardized
to GMT+0.
series_id: string. The unique identifier for an Economic time series.
title: string. The description of an Economic time series.
tag: list. High-level classification of the time series.
seasonal_adj: string. An identifier specifying whether the time series is
seasonally adjusted or not.
popularity: int. A measure of the popularity of the time series among
industrial professionals.
obs_start: date. The earliest availability of the time series.
src: string. The source provider or publisher of the Economic time series.
geo: string. The country or region that the Economic time series measure or
apply to.
freq: string. The reporting frequency of the Economic time series.
date: date. The end date of the period in which the time series is measured.
units: string. The unit of the reported observation.
value: float. The reported figure.
Corporate Accouncement: For stock market, a corporate action is an event
carried out by a company that materially impacts its stakeholders. These
actions include the payment of dividends, stock split, mergers and
acquisitions.

Corporate Action data can be accessed via callback function
'on_corpAnnouncement'. The details can be accessed via an object attribute
methods. Here is a quick example to print the received data stream to console.
The 'ca' object in 'on_corpAnnouncement' function include following attributes:
symbol (string), event (string), announce_date (datetime), ex_date (datetime),
payable_date (datetime), dividend_amt (float), is_special (string), and splits
(float). Here are the description of the attributes:
symbol: string. The financial symbol associated with the corporate action.
event: string. Specifies the type of corporate action event, which can either
be 'dividend' or 'splits'.
announce_date: datetime. The date on which the corporate action was announced.
ex_date: datetime. The ex-dividend date, which is the date by which an investor
must own the shares in order to be eligible to receive the dividend payment.
payable_date: datetime. The date on which the dividend payment is made. This
attribute is only available for events with 'dividend' value.
dividend_amt: float. The amount of dividend payment made per share. This
attribute is only available for events with 'dividend' value.
is_special: string. Specifies whether the dividend is a normal or special
dividend. The value can either be 'T' or 'F'. This attribute is only available
for events with 'dividend' value.
splits: float. The share split ratio. For example, if the value is 3, it means
that for every 1 original share, it will split into 3 shares. If the value is
0.2, it means that 5 original shares will merge into 1 share. This attribute is
only available for events with 'splits' value.
Order Feed: Immediately after submitting an order event 'self.evt.sendOrder
(orderObj)', you will receive a system's message from 'def on_orderfeed(self,
of)' telling you whether your order has been executed successfully, together
with other transaction details.
The 'of' object in the 'on_orderfeed' functions include following attributes:
insertTime, tradeID, openclose, orderRef, market, broker, producttype,
instrument, expiry, right, strike, buysell, fill_price, and fill_volume. Here
are the description of the attributes:
status: string. Specifies whether your order is accepted by the system. Returns
'success' if an order is opened/closed successfully or when a limit/stop order
is filled; returns 'cancel' if your submitted cancel order is successfully
removed from the system; returns 'pending' if a limit/stop order is submitted
and pending to get filled; returns 'kill' if the waiting time of an unfilled
limit/stop order exceeds your specified expiry time; returns 'reject' if you
specify 'allowShortSell' as False and you place a market sell order without
sufficient positive position, or you don't have sufficient capital to open a
new order.
insertTime: datetime. Specifies the timestamp for this order event in the
format of 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS.ffffff'.
tradeID: int. A system-generated trade ID for your executed order. You need to
use this tradeID to close/cancel your order later.
openclose: string. Specifies your order action, whether it is open or close.
orderRef: string. It is the order reference you specified previously at order
submit.
market: string. The financial market of the executed trade.
broker: string. The broker/counterparty of the executed trade.
producttype: string. The product type of the executed trade.
instrument: string. The instrument of the executed trade.
expiry: string. The expiry date for the executed future/option contract, with
format in 'yyyymmdd'. The value is empty for instruments other than options and
futures.
right: string. The call/put side for the executed option contract. The value
will be 'C' for call option, 'P' for put option, and empty for non-option
products.
strike: float. The strike price for the executed option contract. The value is
zero for non-option products.
buysell: int. Specifies whether the trade is a buy or a short sell order. The
value will be 1 for buy order and -1 for sell order.
fill_price: float. Specifies the executed price of the trade.
fill_volume: float. Specifies the executed volume of the trade.
Daily PL Feed: Under ALGOGENE's backtest environment, there is a tab 'PnL'
showing the daily profit and loss of your trading algorithm. On the other hand,
whenever market data stream comes to a new date, you can also access the PnL
figures via API function 'def on_dailyPLfeed(self, pl):', which already take
into account of leverage, transaction cost, lot size unit, and margin usage.
The PnL figures will be presented in a cummulative gain/ loss in dollar amount
for each of the subscripted instrument(s), as well as an overall cummulative
total.
PnL details in 'on_dailyPLfeed' can be extracted from a dictionary key method.
'pl' object include following keys: Acdate and TotalPL. Here are the
description of the keys:
Acdate: datetime. The accounting date of the cumulative PnL calculation, with a
cut-off time for all instruments that is the same in GMT+0.
TotalPL: float. Represents the total cumulative PnL in dollar value, including
both closed and outstanding orders for all your subscribed instruments up to
Acdate.
Moreover, you can access the PnL breakdown and the day range PnL by symbol from
'on_dailyPLfeed'. It can be extracted using a dictionary key based on
'your_symbol'. 'pl[your_symbol]' includes following keys: FixedPL, FloatPL,
TotalPL, dayHigh, dayLow, and marginUsed. Here are the description of the keys:
FixedPL: float. Represents the cumulative PnL in dollar value for closed orders
up to 'Acdate' for 'your_symbol'.
FloatPL: float. Represents the cumulative PnL in dollar value for outstanding
orders up to 'Acdate' for 'your_symbol'.
TotalPL: float. Represents the cumulative PnL in dollar value up to 'Acdate'
for 'your_symbol'. It equals the direct sum of FixedPL and FloatPL for the same
'your_symbol'.
dayHigh: float. Represents the highest cumulative PnL value on 'Acdate' for
'your_symbol'.
dayLow: float. Represents the lowest cumulative PnL value on 'Acdate' for
'your_symbol'.
marginUsed: float. Represents the margin usage in base currency amount on
'Acdate' for 'your_symbol'.
Position Feed: The trade position details can be found in tab 'Position', which
is presented in a daily basis. On the other hand, whenever there is position
updated due to successful orders opening/ closing/ cancel, you can get below
information from 'def on_openPositionfeed(self, op, oo, uo)', which op refers
to the latest net position in terms of number of oustanding contracts by symbol
(s), 'oo' refers to the full list of filled open orders that are not closed
yet, 'uo' refers to the full list of limit/stop orders pending to fill.
op' object can be accessed through a dictionary key method. The first key for
'op' will be your subscripted symbol, while the second key for 'op
[your_symbol]' has the following attributes: LastTradeTime and netVolume. Here
are the description of the attributes:
LastTradeTime: datetime. Specifies the last trading time for 'your_symbol'.
netVolume: float. Specifies the outstanding net position for 'your_symbol',
where a positive value means a net buy and a negative value means a net sell.
Secondly, the full outstanding 'oo' object can be accessed through a dictionary
key method. The first key for 'oo' must come from one of the system generated
tradeID, while the second key for 'oo[tradeID]' include the following keys:
orderRef, market, broker, producttype, instrument, symbol, expiry, right,
strike, buysell, opentime, openprice, Volume, takeProfitLevel, stopLossLevel,
trailingstop, timeinforce, and holdtime. Here are the description of the keys:
orderRef: string. The order reference you specified previously at trade
opening.
market: string. The market of this trade.
broker: string. The counterparty of this trade.
producttype: string. The product type of this trade.
instrument: string. The instrument name of this trade.
symbol: string. The symbol name of the instrument. For future contracts, the
value will be concatenated with 'instrument'+'expiry'. For option contracts,
the value will be concatenated with 'instrument'+'expiry'+'right'+'strike'. For
non-option/future contracts, the symbol name will have the same value as the
instrument name.
expiry: string. The expiry date for the executed future/option contract, with
format in 'yyyymmdd'. The value is empty for instruments other than options and
futures.
right: string. The call/put side for the executed option contract. The value
will be 'C' for call option, 'P' for put option, and empty for non-option
products.
strike: float. The strike price for the executed option contract. The value is
zero for non-option products.
buysell: int. Value = 1 for buy order and value = -1 for sell order.
opentime: datetime. The timestamp to open this trade.
openprice: float. The execution price to open this trade.
Volume: float. The execution volume to open this trade.
takeProfitLevel: float. The take profit level you specified when opening this
trade. Display as 0 if not set.
stopLossLevel: float. The stop loss level you specified when opening this
trade. Default as 0 if not set.
trailingstop: float. The trailing stop (in percentage) you specified when
opening this trade. Default as 0 if not set.
timeinforce: float. The effective time of a limit/stop order, after which the
unfilled limit/stop order will be canceled by the system. Display as 0 if not
set.
holdtime: float. The maximum holding time you specified when opening this
trade. Display as 0 if not set.
Lastly and similarly, the full list of unfilled limit/stop order 'uo' object
can be accessed through a dictionary key method. The first key for 'uo' is a
system generated tradeID, while the second key for 'uo[tradeID]' has the
following attributes: orderRef, market, broker, producttype, instrument,
symbol, expiry, right, strike, buysell, opentime, openprice, Volume,
takeProfitLevel, stopLossLevel, trailingstop, timeinforce, and holdtime. Here
are the description of the attributes:
orderRef: string. The order reference you specified previously at limit/stop
order opening.
market: string. The market of this limit/stop order.
broker: string. The counterparty of this limit/stop order.
producttype: string. The product type of this limit/stop order.
instrument: string. The instrument name of this limit/stop order.
symbol: string. The symbol name of the instrument. For future contracts, the
value will be concatenated with 'instrument'+'expiry'. For option contracts,
the value will be concatenated with 'instrument'+'expiry'+'right'+'strike'. For
non-option/future contracts, the symbol name will have the same value as the
instrument name.
expiry: string. The expiry date for the pending future/option order, with
format in 'yyyymmdd'. The value is empty for instruments other than options and
futures.
right: string. The call/put side for the pending option order. The value will
be 'C' for call option, 'P' for put option, and empty for non-option products.
strike: float. The strike price for the pending option order. The value is zero
for non-option products.
buysell: int. Value = 1 for this pending buy order and value = -1 for this
pending sell order.
opentime: datetime. The timestamp to submit this limit/stop order.
openprice: float. The desired price to open this limit/stop order.
Volume: float. The desired volume to open this limit/stop order.
takeProfitLevel: float. The take profit level you specified when opening this
limit/stop order. Default as 0 if not set.
stopLossLevel: float. The stop loss level you specified when opening this
limit/stop order. Default as 0 if not set.
trailingstop: float. The trailing stop (in percentage) you specified when
opening this limit/stop order. Default as 0 if not set.
timeinforce: float. The effective time of a limit/stop order, after which the
unfilled limit/stop order will be canceled by the system. Default as 0 if not
set.
holdtime: float. The maximum holding time you specified when opening this
limit/stop order. Default as 0 if not set.
Performance Report: Under the 'Report' tab, you can find a high level summary
on how your trading strategy perform over the backtesting period. Summary
statistics in the report include:
Tradable Days: The total number of tradable days during the backtest horizon.
Number of Trades: The total number of trades placed during the backtest
horizon. A round order will be counted as 2.
Average per trade PL: Overall PnL over 'Number of Trades'.
Average per day PL: Overall PnL over 'Tradable Days'.
Daily Return Series: A simple return between 2 accounting dates.
Downside Daily Return Series: Cap the daily return series by 0.
Mean Daily Return: Mean of the 'Daily Return' series.
Mean Annualized Return: 252 times 'Mean Daily Return'.
Median Daily Return: 50th percentile of the 'Daily Return' series.
Q1 Daily Return: 25th percentile of the 'Daily Return' series.
Q3 Daily Return: 75th percentile of the 'Daily Return' series.
95% 1D VAR: 5th percentile of the 'Daily Return' series.
99% 1D VAR: 1st percentile of the 'Daily Return' series.
Daily StdDev: Standard deviation of 'Daily Return' series.
Downside Daily StdDev: Standard deviation of 'Downside Daily Return' series.
Annualized StdDev: 'Daily StdDev' times sqrt(252).
Downside Annualized StdDev: 'Downside Daily StdDev' times sqrt(252).
Win Rate: The portion of winning days during the backtest period.
Odd Ratio: The ratio between win rate and non-win rate.
Daily Sharpe Ratio: Assume zero risk-free rate. The ratio between daily mean
return and daily std. dev.
Annualized Sharpe Ratio: 'Daily Sharpe Ratio' times sqrt(252).
Daily Sortino Ratio: Assume zero risk-free rate. The ratio between daily mean
return and downside daily std. dev.
Annualized Sortino Ratio: 'Daily Sortino Ratio' times sqrt(252).
Drawdown Ratio: The drop ratio from a peak value to a lower value.
Maximal Drawdown Ratio: The maximum of the drawdown ratio along the whole
period.
Drawdown Amount: The drop amount from a peak value to a lower value.
Maximal Drawdown Amount: The maximum of the drawdown amount along the whole
period.
Maximal Drawdown Duration: The longest number of days before establishing a new
high.
Average Drawdown Duration: The average number of days for drawdowns.
Gross Profit: Sum of PnL from closed profitable trades.
Gross Loss: Sum of PnL from closed losing trades.
Profit Factor: Absolute of Gross Profit over Gross Loss.
CAPM Beta: Covariance of portfolio return and benchmark return, over variance
of benchmark return.
Jensen's Alpha: Difference between actual return and expected return from CAPM.
Information Ratio: Excess return over tracking error.
Omega Ratio: Sum of positive excess return over sum of negative excess return.
Treynor Ratio: Excess return over beta.
Tail Ratio: 95th percentile / 5th percentile of the return distribution.
Calmar Ratio: Annualized return over maximum drawdown.
Annual Turnover Rate: The turnover amount over the average NAV.
In addition to the summary statistics, the relative strength of a strategy in
terms of activeness, prediction, robustness, consistency, profitability, and
recovery will be presented in a radar chart. Activeness measures the trading
frequency of a strategy over different time horizon for determining the
applicability of a strategy for practical use. Predictiveness measures the
accuracy of each trade action in making profits. Robustness based on the
capital utilization rate and margin safety level over the trading horizon to
determine the sustainability of a strategy. Consistency measures the similarity
and stability of how a strategy perform over different time horizon.
Profitability is a risk-adjusted measurement to evaluate how much profit is
earned compared to the amount of risk taken. Recovery measures how fast a
strategy can recover from losses. Each completed backtest is assigned with an
overall score ranging from 0-100. It is an equally weighted average for above 6
components, so as to ease for comparison among all different strategies.
Opening or closing trade orders in ALGOGENE starts from creating an object
'AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject()'. Then, the order will be submitted through function
'self.evt.sendOrder(orderObj)'. The implementation can be referred to examples
below. ALGOGENE support 3 types of orders, which are market order, limit order
and stop order. For market order, features include take profit, stop loss,
holding time and trailing stop are supported. For limit/stop order, features
include take profit, stop loss, holding time, trailing stop and time-in-force
are supported.
In order to define a valid order oject, there are several elements required to
be set. 'AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject()' includes following attributes: instrument,
tradeID, orderRef, openclose, buysell, ordertype, volume, price, expiry, right,
strike, takeProfitLevel, stopLossLevel, trailingstop, holdtime, timeinforce,
and comment. Here are the description of the attributes:

instrument: This attribute is required when opening an order and specifies the
financial instrument to trade. It should be a string value that matches one of
the available symbol codes.

tradeID: This attribute is required when closing or cancelling an order and
specifies the unique identifier of the trade. It should be an integer value
that matches the trade ID of an open position.

orderRef: This attribute is optional and allows you to set a custom order
reference for a trade. It should be a string value and can be used to help you
distinguish between different trades.

openclose: This attribute is required and specifies whether the order action is
to open, close, or cancel an order. It should be a string value of either
"open", "close", or "cancel".

buysell: This attribute is required when opening an order and specifies whether
the order is a buy or a short sell. It should be an integer value of either 1
(for buy) or -1 (for short sell).

ordertype: This attribute is required when opening an order and specifies the
type of order to use (market, limit, or stop). It should be an integer value of
either 1 (for market), 2 (for limit), or 3 (for stop).

volume: This attribute is required and specifies the trade volume in units of
contracts. It should be a float value.

price: This attribute is required when using a limit or stop order and
specifies the price at which to execute the trade. For market orders, this
attribute can be omitted and the system will determine the price automatically.
It should be a float value.

expiry: This attribute is required when trading futures or options and
specifies the expiration date in the format "yyyymmdd". It should be a string
value.

right: This attribute is required when trading options and specifies whether
the option is a call or put option. It should be a string value of either "C"
(for call) or "P" (for put).

strike: This attribute is required when trading options and specifies the
strike price of the option. It should be a float value.

takeProfitLevel: This attribute is optional and specifies the exit level for a
trade with a profit. It should be a float value.

stopLossLevel: This attribute is optional and specifies the exit level for a
trade with a stop loss. It should be a float value.

trailingstop: This attribute is optional and specifies the trailing stop (in
percentage) for a trade. It should be a float value.

holdtime: This attribute is optional and specifies how long to hold an opened
order in seconds. It should be an integer value.

timeinforce: This attribute is optional and specifies the effective time of a
limit or stop order. It should be an integer value.

comment: This attribute is optional and allows you to set a custom comment for
a trade. It should be a string value.
Debugging: During your algo development, you might probably encounter any kind
of coding errors. In case of this, you will be popped with a warning or error
message after submitting the script, and you can go to the 'Console' tab to
look at any system generated messages. On the other hand, ALGOGENE supports a
Python equivalent 'print' function 'self.evt.consoleLog(msg)' for you to debug
or trouble shoot your code. The printed messages will then be printed under
'Console' tab.
The function 'self.evt.update_opened_order(...)' is used to update the attached
parameters of an opened order. This function includes several parameters:
tradeID, tp, sl, holdtime and orderRef. Here are the description of the
parameters:
tradeID: A required string that specifies the unique system trade ID to
identify the order to be updated. This can be obtained from on_orderfeed or
getSystemOrders.
tp: An optional float that updates the take profit level of an order.
sl: An optional float that updates the stop loss level of an order.
holdtime: An optional integer that updates the holding time of an order. The
unit is in seconds and is counted from the order opening time.
orderRef: An optional string that updates the user-specified order reference.
The function 'self.evt.update_opened_order(...)' returns output 'res'. The
returned output 'res' is presented in a JSON object, where the value can be
accessed via a dictionary key method. 'res' includes following keys: status and
msg. Here are the description of the keys:
status: A boolean value that specifies whether the update is successful or not.
True indicates that the update was successful, while False indicates that there
was an error in the update
msg: A string that provides a description of the error message or details of
the updates.
the function 'self.evt.update_pending_order(...)' is used to update the
attached parameters of a limit/stop order that is pending to fill. The function
'self.evt.update_pending_order(...)' has following parameters: tradeID, price,
tp, sl, timeinforce, holdtime and orderRef. Here are the description of the
parameters:
tradeID: A required string parameter that specifies the unique system trade ID
to identify the order to be updated. This trade ID can be obtained from
on_orderfeed or getSystemOrders.

price: An optional float parameter that can be used to update the limit/stop
price or pending entry level.

tp: An optional float parameter that can be used to update the take profit
level of a limit/stop order when such limit/stop order gets filled.

sl: An optional float parameter that can be used to update the stop loss level
of a limit/stop order when such limit/stop order gets filled.

timeinforce: An optional integer parameter that can be used to update the
effective time of a limit/stop order, after which the unfilled limit/stop order
will be canceled by the system. The unit is in seconds and is counted from the
original time at limit/stop order submission.

holdtime: An optional integer parameter that can be used to update the holding
time of a limit/stop order. The unit is in seconds and is counted from the
opening time at limit/stop order filled.

orderRef: An optional string parameter that can be used to update the user-
specified order reference.
self.evt.update_pending_order(...)' returns output 'res'. The returned output
'res' is presented in a JSON object, where the value can be accessed via a
dictionary key method. 'res' includes following keys: status and msg. Here are
the description of the keys:
status: A boolean value that specifies whether the update is successful or not.
True indicates that the update was successful, while False indicates that there
was an error in the update
msg: A string that provides a description of the error message or details of
the updates.
The function 'self.evt.update_portfolio_sl(...)' is used to set the portfolio
level stop loss (in percentage). When the account NAV drops for such percentage
from its previous high water level, the system will auto close all the
outstanding orders and cancel all unfilled limit/stop orders. The function
'self.evt.update_portfolio_sl(...)' includes following parameters: sl and
resume_after. Here are the description of the parameters:

sl: A required float parameter that specifies the stop loss percentage from a
portfolio NAV's high water mark. The value should be between 0 and 1. For
example, a value of 0.1 refers to cutting all positions when a portfolio NAV
drops 10% from its previous highest level. Set the value to 0 to disable this
feature. Once this stop loss condition is triggered, the high water level will
be reset to the latest NAV.

resume_after: An optional float parameter that specifies the "cooling period"
before resuming the algorithm, when the portfolio stop loss event is triggered.
The unit is in seconds, and the default value is 0.
Suppose we want to set a global stoploss level for the whole portfolio to 10%,
and also pause the algo submitting new trades for 1 week if such stop loss
event happen. We can then apply this setup at initialization step at 'def
start'.

Additionally, the function 'update_portfolio_sl' can be called in other
datafeed events, if we target for a dynamic portfolio stoploss at different
time points.
ALGOGENE provides a utility function 'self.evt.getHistoricalBar(contract,
numOfBar, interval, timestamp)' to query historical market data in OHLC bar.
The function 'self.evt.getHistoricalBar()' include the following parameters:
contract, numOfBar, interval, timestamp. Here are the description of the
parameters:

contract: A required JSON parameter that specifies the financial instrument/
contract. For non-future/option contracts, only "instrument" is required. For
future contracts, "instrument" and "expiry" are required. For option contracts,
"instrument", "expiry", "right", and "strike" are all required. The instrument
must be in your subscribed list at initial setting.

numOfBar: A required integer parameter that specifies the number of historical
bars to be returned.

interval: A required string parameter that specifies the data interval of the
historical bar. Supported values include 'M', 'M2', 'M5', 'M10', 'M15', 'M30',
'H', 'H2', 'H3', 'H4', 'H6', 'H12', 'D', where 'M' refers to a 1-minute bar,
'H' refers to a 1-hour bar, 'D' refers to a 1-day bar, and so on.

timestamp: An optional datetime parameter that specifies the datetime. If this
variable is not specified, the default is the latest run time for backtesting
or the current time stamp for real trading.

chain_dated: An optional integer parameter that specifies the future related
instruments to get the combined future chain history. The value can be either
1, 2, 3, or 4. 1 refers to the closest-to-expiry (spot month) contract, 2
refers to the second closest-to-expiry contract, and so on.
The function 'self.evt.getHistoricalBar()' returns 'res'. The returned output
'res' is presented in JSON/ Python dictionary object. The first key will be
timestamp sorted ascendingly, and 'res[timestanp]' includes following keys: t,
b, a, m, o, h, l, c, v. Here are the description of the keys:

t: A string key that represents the closing time of that particular bar in the
format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss".

b: A float key that represents the closing bid price of that particular bar.

a: A float key that represents the closing ask price of that particular bar.

m: A float key that represents the closing mid price of that particular bar.

o: A float key that represents the mid opening price of that particular bar.

h: A float key that represents the highest mid price of that particular bar.

l: A float key that represents the lowest mid price of that particular bar.

c: A float key that represents the mid closing price of that particular bar.

v: A float key that represents the trading volume of that particular bar.
ALGOGENE provides a utility function 'self.evt.getHistoricalNews(lang, count,
starttime, endtime, category, source)' to query historical news. The function
'self.evt.getHistoricalNews()' includes following parameters: lang, count,
starttime, endtime, category, source. Here are the description of the
parameters:
lang: A required string parameter that specifies the language of news. The
language codes follow ISO 639-1 codes. Possible values are "af, ar, bg, bn, ca,
cs, cy, da, de, el, en, es, et, fa, fi, fr, gu, he, hi, hr, hu, id, it, ja, kn,
ko, lt, lv, mk, ml, mr, ne, nl, no, pa, pl, pt, ro, ru, sk, sl, so, sq, sv, sw,
ta, te, th, tl, tr, uk, ur, vi, zh-cn, zh-tw".

count: A required integer parameter that specifies the number of news to be
returned after 'starttime'. The maximum return is 100 records.

starttime: A required string parameter that specifies the start period of the
news in the format "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:SS".

endtime: An optional string parameter that specifies the end period of the
news. If left blank (" "), it gets up to the latest system time. The format is
"YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:SS".

category: An optional list parameter that specifies a list of filtering
criteria of news category. Available categories can be found at the provided
link. If left blank, no category filter is applied.

source: An optional list parameter that specifies a list of filtering criteria
of news source. Available sources can be found at the provided link. If left
blank, no source filter is applied.
self.evt.getHistoricalNews()' returns output 'res'. The returned output 'res'
is presented in a list of news objects in JSON format with ascending timestamp.
'res[i]' includes the following keys: published, source, category, title,
authors, text, top_image, movies, link, and lang. Here are the description of
the keys:

published: A datetime key that represents the timestamp of the published news
in UTC+0 timezone.

source: A string key that represents the publisher of the news. Available
sources can be found at the provided link.

category: A string key that represents the category of the news. Available
category can be found at the provided link.

title: A string key that represents the news headlines.

authors: A list key that represents the author(s) who wrote the news.

text: A string key that represents the context of the news article.

top_image: A string key that represents the URL of images included in the news.

movies: A list key that represents the URL(s) of video clips included in the
news.

link: A string key that represents the official URL of the news article.

lang: A string key that represents the language used in the news. The language
codes follow ISO 639-1 codes. Possible values are "af, ar, bg, bn, ca, cs, cy,
da, de, el, en, es, et, fa, fi, fr, gu, he, hi, hr, hu, id, it, ja, kn, ko, lt,
lv, mk, ml, mr, ne, nl, no, pa, pl, pt, ro, ru, sk, sl, so, sq, sv, sw, ta, te,
th, tl, tr, uk, ur, vi, zh-cn, zh-tw".
ALGOGENE provides a utility function 'self.evt.getHistoricalEconstat(series_id,
starttime, endtime)' to query historical time series of Economic Statistics.
The function 'self.evt.getHistoricalEconstat()' includes parameters: series_id,
starttime, endtime. Here are the description of the parameters:

series_id: A required string parameter that specifies the ID of an Economics
series. Available series IDs can be found at the provided link.

starttime: An optional string parameter that specifies the start period of an
Economics series. If left blank (""), it will get all the historical data.

endtime: An optional string parameter that specifies the end period of an
Economics series. If left blank (""), it will get data up to the latest system
time.
The function 'self.evt.getHistoricalEconstat()' returns output 'res'. The
returned output 'res' is presented in a list of news objects in JSON format
with ascending timestamp. 'res[i]' includes the following keys: date,
release_date and value. Here are the descriptions of the keys:

date: A string key that represents the reporting date in the format of 'yyyy-
mm-dd'.

release_date: A string key that represents the release date of the data in the
format of 'yyyy-mm-dd'.

value: A float key that represents the reporting value of the economic series.
The value '.' is used for missing data.
The function 'self.evt.getExchangeRate(cur1, cur2)' is used to get the exchange
rate between currencies 'cur1' and 'cur2'. The returned result represents the
number of unit in 'cur2' in exchange for 1 unit of 'cur1'. The function
'self.evt.getExchangeRate()' has paramaters cur1 and cur2. Here are the
description of the parameters:

cur1: a required string parameter specify the currency exchange from

cur2: a required string parameter specify the currency exchange to
For live-testing or real-trading, the result of 'self.evt.getExchangeRate()'
will be the latest real-time exchange rate. For backtesting, the result will be
the previous dayend (time zone in UTC+0) exchange rate of the query time point.

The returned output of 'self.evt.getExchangeRate()' is a float type number, and
it will be 0 for invalid currency pairs.
Apart from the 'ab' object in 'on_marketdatafeed' and 'on_bulkdatafeed', the
function 'self.evt.getAccountBalance()' can also be used to query the current
account balance.
The result of 'self.evt.getAccountBalance()' can be accessed via 'res' object
using a dictionary key method. 'res' includes following keys: realizedPL,
unrealizedPL, cumDeposit, NAV, marginUsed, and availableBalance. Here are the
description of the keys:

realizedPL: A float key that represents the total realized Profit and Loss of
all closed trades. It is represented in dollar amount in base currency.

unrealizedPL: A float key that represents the total unrealized Profit and Loss
of all outstanding opened trades. It is represented in dollar amount in base
currency.

cumDeposit: A float key that represents the net amount of capital invested in a
portfolio. It is represented in dollar amount in base currency.

NAV: A float key that represents the latest Net Asset Value of a portfolio. It
is represented in dollar amount in base currency and calculated as 'NAV =
cumDeposit + realizedPL + unrealizedPL'.

marginUsed: A float key that represents the used amount of capital (in base
currency) at that particular time point. It is represented in dollar amount in
base currency.

availableBalance: A float key that represents the remaining account balance (in
base currency) that is available to trade. It is represented in dollar amount
in base currency and calculated as 'availableBalance = NAV - marginUsed'.
The function 'self.evt.getContractSpec(instrument)' is used to get the product
feature or contract specification of a financial instrument. It is particularly
useful if we want to get the current tradable Options/Futures. The function
'self.evt.getContractSpec()' include 1 parameter: instrument. instrument is a
required string parameter which specifies the available symbol for exchange
rate data.
The function 'self.evt.getContractSpec()' outputs 'res'. 'res' is presented in
a JSON object, where the value can be accessed via a dictionary key method.
'res' includes following keys: contractSize, description, market, producttype,
settleCurrency, minTick, and chain. Here are the description of the keys:

contractSize: A float key that represents the number of units purchased for
opening 1 lot of the contract.

description: A string key that represents the contract description.

market: A string key that represents the financial market of the instrument.
Available values are "COM", "CRYPTO", "EQ", "ENERGY", "FX", "IDX", and "METAL".

producttype: A string key that represents the product or security type of the
instrument. Available values are "CFD", "FUT", "OPT", and "SPOT".

settleCurrency: A string key that represents the settlement currency of the
contract.

minTick: A float key that represents the minimum level of price changes.

chain: An array key that represents the list of tradable contracts as at the
query time point. For non future/option contracts, it will be an empty list (
[]). For "FUT" or "OPT" contracts, it will be a list of JSON containing the
expiry date, right (either "C" for call or "P" for put option), and strike
price.
The function 'self.evt.getSystemOrders()' is used to get current positions
(pos), outstanding opened orders (osOrder), limit/stop orders that are pending
to fill (pendOrder). The function outputs 3 output: 'pos', 'osOrder' and
'pendOrder'. They are all in JSON objects which can be accessed via a
dictionary key method
For the first output 'pos' of the function 'self.evt.getSystemOrders()', the
first key will be the financial symbol, and 'pos[symbol]' has the following
keys: LastTradeTime, netVolume. Here are the description of the keys:

LastTradeTime: A datetime key that represents the last traded time of this
symbol. The time zone used is UTC+0.

netVolume: A float key that represents the net amount of the outstanding number
of contracts. A positive value indicates a net long position, while a negative
value indicates a net short position.
For the second output 'osOrder' of the function 'self.evt.getSystemOrders()' ,
the first key will be a system generated 'tradeID' , and 'osOrder[tradeID]' has
the following keys: LastTradeTime, netVolume. Here are the description of the
keys: orderRef, market, broker, producttype, instrument, symbol, expiry, right,
strike, buysell, opentime, openprice, Volume, takeProfitLevel, stopLossLevel,
trailingstop, timeinforce, and holdtime. Here are the description of the keys:

orderRef: A string key that represents the order reference you specified
previously at trade opening.

market: A string key that represents the market of this trade.

broker: A string key that represents the counterparty of this trade.

producttype: A string key that represents the product type of this trade.

instrument: A string key that represents the instrument name of this trade.

symbol: A string key that represents the symbol name of the instrument. For
future contracts, the value will be concatenated with 'instrument'+'expiry'.
For option contracts, the value will be concatenated with
'instrument'+'expiry'+'right'+'strike'. For non-option/future contracts, the
symbol name will have the same value as the instrument name.

expiry: A string key that represents the expiry date for the executed future/
option contract, with format in 'yyyymmdd'. The value is empty for instruments
other than options and futures.

right: A string key that represents the call/put side for the executed option
contract. The value will be 'C' for call option, 'P' for put option, and empty
for non-option products.

strike: A float key that represents the strike price for the executed option
contract. The value is zero for non-option products.

buysell: An integer key that represents the buy/sell order. The value 1 is used
for buy orders, and -1 is used for sell orders.

opentime: A datetime key that represents the timestamp to open this trade.

openprice: A float key that represents the execution price to open this trade.

Volume: A float key that represents the execution volume to open this trade.

takeProfitLevel: A float key that represents the take profit level you
specified when opening this trade. The value is displayed as 0 if not set.

stopLossLevel: A float key that represents the stop loss level you specified
when opening this trade. The default value is 0 if not set.

trailingstop: A float key that represents the trailing stop (in percentage) you
specified when opening this trade. The default value is 0 if not set.

timeinforce: A float key that represents the effective time of a limit/stop
order, after which the unfilled limit/stop order will be canceled by the
system. The value is displayed as 0 if not set.

holdtime: A float key that represents the maximum holding time you specified
when opening this trade. The value is displayed as 0 if not set.
For the last output 'pendOrder' of the function 'self.evt.getSystemOrders()' ,
the first key will be a system generated 'tradeID' , and 'pendOrder[tradeID]'
has the following keys: orderRef, market, broker, producttype, instrument,
symbol, expiry, right, strike, buysell, opentime, openprice, Volume,
takeProfitLevel, stopLossLevel, trailingstop, timeinforce, and holdtime. Here
are the description of the keys:

orderRef: A string key that represents the order reference you specified
previously at limit/stop trade opening.

market: A string key that represents the market of this limit/stop order.

broker: A string key that represents the counterparty of this limit/stop order.

producttype: A string key that represents the product type of this limit/stop
order.

instrument: A string key that represents the instrument name of this limit/stop
order.

symbol: A string key that represents the symbol name of the instrument. For
future contracts, the value will be concatenated with 'instrument'+'expiry'.
For option contracts, the value will be concatenated with
'instrument'+'expiry'+'right'+'strike'. For non-option/future contracts, the
symbol name will have the same value as the instrument name.

expiry: A string key that represents the expiry date for the pending future/
option order, with format in 'yyyymmdd'. The value is empty for instruments
other than options and futures.

right: A string key that represents the call/put side for the pending option
order. The value will be 'C' for call option, 'P' for put option, and empty for
non-option products.

strike: A float key that represents the strike price for the pending option
order. The value is zero for non-option products.

buysell: An integer key that represents the buy/sell order. The value 1 is used
for buy orders, and -1 is used for sell orders.

opentime: A datetime key that represents the timestamp to submit this limit/
stop order.

openprice: A float key that represents the desired price to open this limit/
stop order.

Volume: A float key that represents the desired volume to open this limit/stop
order.

takeProfitLevel: A float key that represents the take profit level you
specified when opening this limit/stop order. The default value is 0 if not
set.

stopLossLevel: A float key that represents the stop loss level you specified
when opening this limit/stop order. The default value is 0 if not set.

trailingstop: A float key that represents the trailing stop (in percentage) you
specified when opening this limit/stop order. The default value is 0 if not
set.

timeinforce: A float key that represents the effective time of a limit/stop
order, after which the unfilled limit/stop order will be canceled by the
system. The default value is 0 if not set.

holdtime: A float key that represents the maximum holding time you specified
when opening this limit/stop order. The default value is 0 if not set.
For stock market, a corporate action is an event carried out by a company that
materially impacts its stakeholders. These actions include the payment of
dividends, stock split, mergers and acquisitions. The function
'self.evt.getHistoricalCorpAction(...)' can be used to query cor

symbol (mandatory): A string parameter that represents the financial symbol.

starttime (optional): A datetime parameter that represents the earliest
announcement date, format in 'YYYY-MM-DD'. If omitted, it will return all the
corporate action history.

endtime (optional): A datetime parameter that represents the latest
announcement date, format in 'YYYY-MM-DD'. If omitted, it will return all the
corporate action history up to the current time.

event (optional): A string parameter that filters the type of corporate event.
Available inputs are 'dividend' for cash dividend and bonus, and 'splits' for
stock split, reverse split, and stock dividend. If omitted, it will return all
corporate events.porate actions filtered by its announcement date. The function
'self.evt.getHistoricalCorpAction(...)' includes following parameters: symbol,
starttime, endtime and event. Here are the description of the parameters:
The output 'res' of the function 'self.evt.getHistoricalCorpAction(...)' will
be a list of JSON object, where the value can be accessed via a dictionary key
method. 'res' includes keys: event, announce_date, ex_date, payable_date,
dividend_amt, is_special, and splits. Here are the description of the keys:

event: A string key that specifies the event type of the corporate action. The
value can either be 'dividend' or 'splits'.

announce_date: A datetime key that represents the announcement date of the
corporate action.

ex_date: A datetime key that represents the ex-dividend date where you will be
eligible to receive dividends as long as you hold shares on that date.

payable_date: A datetime key that represents the date for dividend payment.
This attribute is only available for event='dividend'.

dividend_amt: A float key that represents the dividend amount. This attribute
is only available for event='dividend'.

is_special: A string key that specifies whether it is a normal or special
dividend. The value can either be 'T' or 'F'. This attribute is only available
for event='dividend'.

splits: A float key that represents the share split ratio. For example, if the
value is 3, it means that for each 1 original share, it will split into 3
shares. If the value is 0.2, it means that original 1 share will become 0.2
shares. In other words, for each 5 original shares, it will merge into 1 share.
This attribute is only available for event='splits'.
The function 'self.evt.getGoogleTopSearch(...)' is used to query Google's daily
top 20 search results in country/city level. 'self.evt.getGoogleTopSearch(...)'
includes parameters: geo and date. Here are the description of the parameters:

geo (mandatory): A string parameter that represents the 2-digit region code
that follows ISO 3166-2. Available values include 'AR', 'AT', 'AU', 'BE', 'BR',
'CA', 'CH', 'CL', 'CO', 'CZ', 'DE', 'DK', 'EG', 'FI', 'FR', 'GB', 'GR', 'HK',
'HU', 'ID', 'IE', 'IL', 'IN', 'IT', 'JP', 'KE', 'KR', 'MX', 'MY', 'NG', 'NL',
'NO', 'NZ', 'PH', 'PL', 'PT', 'RO', 'RU', 'SA', 'SE', 'SG', 'TH', 'TR', 'TW',
'UA', 'US', 'VN', and 'ZA'.

date (mandatory): A datetime parameter that specifies the date of the search
result in the format of 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS'. If an empty value or future date
value is provided, it will assume to be the current date.
The output 'res' of the function 'self.evt.getGoogleTopSearch(...)' will be a
list of JSON object with search interests sorted in an descending order, where
the value can be accessed via a dictionary key method. 'res' includes following
keys: title, formattedTraffic, relatedQueries, articles. Here are the
description of the keys:

title: A string key that represents the top searched keyword.

formattedTraffic: A string key that represents the number of searches for that
keyword.

relatedQueries: An array key that contains related search keywords.

articles: An array key that contains the top viewed articles based on the
searched keyword. Each element in the array includes the following attributes:
title: The title of that article.
source: The source/publisher of that article.
image: The top image in that article.
url: The link to that article.
snippet: A short summary of that article.
The function 'self.evt.getCCASSHistory(...)' is used to query HKEx CCASS's
shareholding information. The function 'self.evt.getCCASSHistory(...)' includes
following parameters: symbol, participant_id, starttime, endtime. Here are the
description of the parameters:

symbol (optional): A string parameter that specifies the stock symbol to
search. Either 'symbol' or 'participant_id' is required.

participant_id (optional): A string parameter that specifies the CCASS's
participant ID to search. Either 'symbol' or 'participant_id' is required.

starttime (optional): A datetime parameter that specifies the start date of the
search result in the format of 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS'. An empty value will
assume to query from the earliest data history. If a future date value is
provided, it will assume to be the current date.

endtime (optional): A datetime parameter that specifies the end date of the
search result in the format of 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS'. An empty value will
assume to query from the earliest data history. If a future date value is
provided, it will assume to be the current date.
the output 'res' of the function 'self.evt.getCCASSHistory(...)' is presented
in a JSON object, where the value can be accessed via a dictionary key method.
'res' includes following keys: t, symbol, id, type, share, pct. Here are the
description of the keys:

t: A string key that represents the reported shareholding date.

symbol: A string key that represents the corresponding stock symbol.

id: A string key that represents CCASS's participant ID.

type: A string key that represents the shareholder type. The value can either
be 'institution' or 'individual'. 'institution' refers to any registered
participating companies on CCASS, otherwise it will be classified as
individual.

share: A float key that represents the number of shares held by the reported
participant.

pct: A float key that represents the shareholding in percentage with rounding
in 2 decimals. For example, a value of 1 means 1% of total issued shares.
The function 'self.evt.getChainHistory(...)' can be used to query the number of
unique addresses that appeared for the first time in a transaction of the
native coin in the network, query the number of unique addresses that were
active as a sender of funds, query the number of unique addresses that were
active as a receiver of funds, query the total number of unique addresses that
ever appeared in a transaction of the native coin in the network, query the
mean time (in seconds) between mined blocks, query the number of blocks created
and included in the main blockchain every day, query the total size of all
blocks created within the day (in bytes), query the total amount of fees paid
to miners (unit in asset), query the total amount of gas used in all
transactions, query the average estimated number of hashes per second produced
by the miners in the network, query the SOPR indicator, query the market
capitalization (or network value), query the total amount of all coins ever
created/issued, query the total amount of transactions per second, query the
total amount of coins transferred on-chain, query the total amount of coins
transferred to exchange addresses, query the total amount of coins transferred
within wallets of the same exchange, query the percent of total supply of the
token that is held in smart contracts, Gini coefficient for the distribution of
coins over addresses, query the total amount of new coins added to the current
supply, query the total number of transfers to exchange addresses and query the
total count of transfers from exchange addresses
The function 'self.evt.getChainHistory(...)' can be used to query the number of
unique addresses that appeared for the first time in a transaction of the
native coin in the network. The function 'self.evt.getChainHistory(...)'
includes parameters: evt, asset, starttime, endtime. Here are the description
of the parameters:

evt (required): A string parameter that is the mode of the function. It can be
set to address_new, address_receiver, address_sender, address_total,
block_interval, block_mined, block_size, fee_miner, gas_used, hash_rate,
indicator_sopr, market_cap, supple, getChainHistory, transfer_volume_total,
exchange_inflow_total, exchange_inhouse_transfer_volume, supply_contracts,
gini_coeff, supply_issued, exchange_deposit, exchange_withdrawal.

asset (required): A string parameter that specifies the cryptocurrency asset.

starttime (optional): A datetime parameter that specifies the start date of the
search result in the format of 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS'. An empty value will
assume to query from the earliest data history. If a future date value is
provided, it will assume to be the current date.

endtime (optional): A datetime parameter that specifies the end date of the
search result in the format of 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS'. An empty value or future
date value will assume to be the current date.
the output 'res' of the function 'self.evt.getChainHistory(...)' will be a list
of JSON object sorted in ascending time, where its value can be accessed via a
dictionary key method. 'res' includes following keys: t, v. Here are the
description of the keys:

t: A string key that represents the value date.

v: A float key. the output is depends on the value of evt
SOPR stands for Spent Output Profit Ratio. SOPR is computed by dividing the
realized value (in USD) divided by the value at creation (USD) of a spent
output. In other word, SOPR = price sold / price paid.


-- END OF TECHNICAL DOCUMENT FOR ALGOGENE'S API, NOW COMMUNITY NOTES OF ALGOGENE --

ALGOGENE | Registration & Accounts






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Registration & Accounts
How it work



How do I register on ALGOGENE platform?
There are 2 ways of registration. Firstly get to login page, 

Email
Please head to register new account. By clicking the "Create Account" button and filling in the required information, a new account for the developer portal will be generated after email verification.
Social Media
By choosing either sign in with GOOGLE/FACEBOOK/..., you will be redirect to sign your social account. A new account will be generated after successful sign in.


How can I activate my account?
If you register using email address, once your account is created, an email containing the initial password will be sent to your registered email account. Please go to login page and input the initial password in order to activate your account.
Alternatively, if you register via social media accounts, ALGOGENE system will automaticelly activate the account and validate your personal identity.

How do I edit my user profile?
When your account is activated, you can go to [Settings] page to edit your account information. For security concern, each time when you make an update, you will receive a One-Time-Pass (OTP) from your registred email. Please get the OTP and input in the verification box to make the change effective.

Who can access ALGOGENE Research Lab?
ALGOGENE Research Lab are generally available and open to all public users upon registration. In case of any violation to the terms of use, ALGOGENE might black-list the user from accessing the platform.

What can I do when the account is locked?
Your account will be temporarily suspended after 5 failed login attempts. To restore a suspended account, you can either retry after 30 minutes, or please head to the login page and click the "Forgot Your Password" button. Follow all the steps to reset a new password.

What can I do when the password is forgotten?
You may click the "Forgot Your Password" button, which is located on the login page. If you need further assistance, please contact us support@algogene.com





1
0




 Posted on : 2019-11-28 13:45:02.318000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,659













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | ALGOGENE Research Lab






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







ALGOGENE Research Lab
How it work



What is ALGOGENE Research Lab?
The ALGOGENE Research Lab is an open platform containing a set of APIs, which offers users the right to access data within ALGOGENE, for the backtest and development of new quantitative model, strategy, or algorithmic trading process.

What data and access can be offered?
The portal contains an in-browser 'sandbox' IDE, where API calls with the same form and function as our production environment can be made. The 'sandbox' contains 10TB+ real tick-level data streams, for instance Financial Market Data, News content, Weather, etc, which supports in-depth Quantitative Financial Research.
After login, our 'Tech Doc' page will show you all the available APIs, data stream, and quick-start examples. If you have any innovative trading idea, we strongly recommend you to sign up an account for more information.

What is the difference between sandbox and production environment?
For sandbox/backtest environment, it uses Historical Data to test whether the APIs and trading strategy are suitable for their needs and expections before go live for their trading robots. For production environment, both live-testing and real trading are provided under Real-time Data Stream.

How much will it cost to me?
All prospective users are welcome to use the Research Lab. It is currently free of charge to access our 'sandbox' with basic components. Advanced users seeking for customized features can look at our 'services' page for more details.

How can I submit Algo? How many Algo can I created?
For 'sandbox' development, Trading Algo Application(s) can be created from the "Backtest" page after logging in to your account. Once submitted an Algo for backtest, it will be executed and evaluated in the server. Before the submitted Algo finish, you are not able to sumbit another Algo, unless you have canceled the existing one. However, there are no restriction on the total number of Algo created.
For production use, you can execute multiple Algo simultaneouly. Details refer to the next thread.

How to use the API in my Algo?
We have related documentation available for each API that will help you set up the trading logic in your Algo. You may check more information at the 'Tech Doc' page.

How can I move my Algo to production?
We support 2 forms of production deployment, namely Live-Testing and Real-Trading.
After fully tested the prototype, you may go to 'Settings' page, and select your desired Algo to be exeuted for live-test or real-trade. However, for real-trading deployment, you need to firstly apply the connection configuration from our partner brokers.
If you need further assistance, please contact us at support@algogene.com.

How do I know the expiry date of my services?
Currently, there is no expiry for registered users to use the basic backtest sanbox functions.
After logging in, You can go to 'Settings' page to check the details of your subscribed services, such as services spec, payment date, amount, expiry date, etc.

Can I continue to use the sandbox or production APIs if my services have expired?
For backtest sandbox, after services expiry, you can still use the most basic functions.
For production, your Algo will stop running and you will not be able to use the APIs after expiry. To prevent any unwanted issues, we strongly recommend you to extend the services before expiration. After valid payment, the APIs will be worked again.

What are the recommended browsers for minimum security requirements?
You can access to our platform via different devices including desktop, laptop, tablet and mobile. To ensure the security of customer data, below browser versions are recommended.

Microsoft Internet Explorer (Version 11 or above)
Mozilla Firefox (Version 48 or above)
Apple Safari (Version 11 or above)
Google Chrome (Version 43 or above)


What is your system upgrade schedule?
Our system upgrade has been scheduled as follows. The affected services might not be available during this period.



Date*
Period^
Services Affected


Every Sunday
02:30-04:30
ALGOGENE portal / Sandbox / Gateway



* The system upgrade schedule could be adjusted without prior notice.
^ Date and period are in Hong Kong Time.

How do I report issue or provide suggestions related to the APIs?
Please contact us at support@algogene.com

Tutorial









2
0




 Posted on : 2019-11-28 13:45:02.594000





 Email
 Facebook



 4,231













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Python - Basic Syntax






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Python - Basic Syntax
Programming



﻿This series of tutorials will help you get familiar with some basic Python language, which will be useful develop your Algo in ALGOGENE Research Lab.

First Python Program
There are basically 2 modes to execute Python programs.

Interactive Mode Programming
This invoke the interpreter without passing a script file as a parameter brings up the following prompt −

python
Python 2.7.11 |Anaconda 2.4.1 (64-bit)| (default, Dec  7 2015, 14:10:42) [MSC v.
1500 64 bit (AMD64)] on win32
Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
Anaconda is brought to you by Continuum Analytics.
Please check out: http://continuum.io/thanks and https://anaconda.org
>>>
		

Type the following text at the Python prompt and press the Enter −

>>> print("Hello World!")
		

this produces the following result −
Hello World!
	

Script Mode Programming
This invoke the interpreter with a script parameter begins execution of the script and continues until the script is finished. When the script is finished, the interpreter is no longer active.
Let us write a simple Python program in a script. Python files have extension .py. Type the following source code in a test.py file -

print("Hello World!")
		

We assume that you have Python interpreter set in PATH variable. Now, try to run this program as follows −
python test.py
Hello World!
	

Python Identifiers
A Python identifier is a name used to identify a variable, function, class, module or other object. An identifier starts with a letter A to Z or a to z or an underscore (_) followed by zero or more letters, underscores and digits (0 to 9).
Python does not allow punctuation characters such as @, $, and % within identifiers. Python is a case sensitive programming language. Thus, Manpower and manpower are two different identifiers in Python.
Here are naming conventions for Python identifiers −

Class names start with an uppercase letter. All other identifiers start with a lowercase letter.
Starting an identifier with a single leading underscore indicates that the identifier is private.
Starting an identifier with two leading underscores indicates a strongly private identifier.
If the identifier also ends with two trailing underscores, the identifier is a language-defined special name.

Reserved Words
The following list shows the Python keywords. These are reserved words and you cannot use them as constant or variable or any other identifier names. All the Python keywords contain lowercase letters only.



and
exec
not
assert
finally


or
break
for
pass
class


from
print
continue
global
raise


def
if
return
del
import


try
elif
in
while
else


is
with 
except
lambda
yield




Lines and Indentation
Python provides no braces to indicate blocks of code for class and function definitions or flow control. Blocks of code are denoted by line indentation, which is rigidly enforced.
The number of spaces in the indentation is variable, but all statements within the block must be indented the same amount. For example −

if True:
   print "True"
else:
   print "False"



However, the following block generates an error −
if True:
print "Answer"
print "True"
else:
print "Answer"
print "False"


Multi-Line Statements
Statements in Python typically end with a new line. Python does, however, allow the use of the line continuation character (\) to denote that the line should continue. For example −

total = item_one + \
        item_two + \
        item_three


Statements contained within the [], {}, or () brackets do not need to use the line continuation character. For example −

days = ['Monday', 'Tuesday', 'Wednesday',
        'Thursday', 'Friday']
	


Quotation in Python
Python accepts single ('), double (") and triple (''' or """) quotes to denote string literals, as long as the same type of quote starts and ends the string.
The triple quotes are used to span the string across multiple lines. For example, all the following are legal −

word = 'word'
sentence = "This is a sentence."
paragraph = """This is a paragraph. It is
made up of multiple lines and sentences."""
	

Comments in Python
A hash sign (#) that is not inside a string literal begins a comment. All characters after the # and up to the end of the physical line are part of the comment and the Python interpreter ignores them.

#!/usr/bin/python

# First comment
print "Hello World!" # second comment


This produces the following result −

Hello World!
	

You can type a comment on the same line after a statement or expression −

name = "ALGOGENE" # This is again comment
	

You can comment multiple lines as follows −

# This is a comment.
# This is a comment, too.
# This is a comment, too.
# I said that already.


Following triple-quoted string is also ignored by Python interpreter and can be used as a multiline comments:

'''
This is a multiline
comment.
'''


Multiple Statements on a Single Line
The semicolon ( ; ) allows multiple statements on the single line given that neither statement starts a new code block. Here is a sample snip using the semicolon −

import sys; x = 'foo'; sys.stdout.write(x + '\n')


Multiple Statement Groups as Suites
A group of individual statements, which make a single code block are called suites in Python. Compound or complex statements, such as if, while, def, and class require a header line and a suite.
Header lines begin the statement (with the keyword) and terminate with a colon ( : ) and are followed by one or more lines which make up the suite. For example −

if expression : 
   suite
elif expression : 
   suite 
else : 
   suite


Command Line Arguments
Many programs can be run to provide you with some basic information about how they should be run. Python enables you to do this with -h −
python -h
usage: python [option] ... [-c cmd | -m mod | file | -] [arg] ...
Options and arguments (and corresponding environment variables):
-c cmd : program passed in as string (terminates option list)
-d     : debug output from parser (also PYTHONDEBUG=x)
-E     : ignore environment variables (such as PYTHONPATH)
-h     : print this help message and exit
[ etc. ]


You can also program your script in such a way that it should accept various options.






1
0




 Posted on : 2019-11-28 13:45:03.515000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,897













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Time Series Analysis - Autoregressive Model






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Time Series Analysis - Autoregressive Model
Quantitative Model



﻿What is an Autoregressive Model?
An autoregressive (AR) model predicts future behavior based on past results. It is used for forecasting when there is some correlation between values in a time series and the values that precede and succeed them. You only use past data to model the behavior, hence the name autoregressive (the Greek prefix auto means 'self'). The process is basically a linear regression of the data in the current series against one or more past values in the same series.
In an AR model, the value of the outcome variable (Y) at some point t in time, like a 'regular' linear regression, directly related to the predictor variable (X). Where simple linear regression and AR models differ is that Y is dependent on X and previous values for Y.
The AR process is an example of a stochastic process, which have degrees of uncertainty or randomness built in. The randomness means that you might be able to predict future trends pretty well with past data, but you’re never going to get 100% accuracy.
AR models are also called conditional models, Markov models, or transition models.

AR(p) Models
An AR(p) model is an autoregressive model where specific lagged values of yt are used as predictor variables. Lags are where results from one time period affect following periods.
The value for 'p' is called the order. For example, an AR(1) would be a 'first order autoregressive process.' The outcome variable in a first order AR process at some point in time t is related only to time periods that are one period apart (i.e. the value of the variable at t – 1). A second or third order AR process would be related to data two or three periods apart.

The AR(p) model is defined by the equation:
yt = δ + φ1yt-1 + φ2yt-2 + … + φpyt-p + εt

Where:

yt-1, yt-2…yt-p are the past series values (lags),
εt is random term (or called white noise), 
and δ is defined by the following equation: where μ is the process mean


Parameter Estimation
From the equation, all {yt} terms are already observable and known to us. What we want to get is the coefficient terms, i.e. δ, φ1, φ2, ...
(A) Least Squares Regression
One of the estimation methods is to formulate as a least squares regression problem, basing prediction of values of yt on the p previous values of the same series. A general multiple linear regression is written as: 
Yi = β0 + β1Xi,1 + β2Xi,2 + … + βpXi,p + εt
Then, we try to minimize the sum of square error:
L(β) := Σ(εt2)
= ||Xβ - Y||2 
= (Xβ - Y)T(Xβ - Y)
= YTY - YTXβ - βTXTY + βTXTXβ 

As it is a convex function, the optimal solution lies at gradient zero. So we firstly take a partial derivative.
∂L(β)/∂β = ∂ (YTY - YTXβ - βTXTY + βTXTXβ) / ∂β
= -2XTY + 2XTXβ
Set this gradient to zero, we get the optimal parameters.
β = (XTX)-1XTY 

Example
Suppose we collected the previous 20 daily closing price of stock A.
10, 11.3, 10.71, 10.87, 10.48, 11.36, 10.49, 10.57, 10.58, 9.42, 9.11, 9.75, 11.14, 9.72, 10.73, 10.57, 11.91, 13.09, 14.34, 14.09
Now, we want to use an AR(1) model (i.e. yt = δ + φ1yt-1 + εt), to explain this series.
Using the least square estimation method above, we obtained δ, φ1 = 1.319141067 and 0.898255165 respectively.
i.e. yt = 1.319141067 + 0.898255165*yt-1
Then, we can calculate the expected value of y at time t given that we know the information for t-1, i.e. E(yt|yt-1)


Seq
yt
Estimated yt


1
10
-


2
11.3
10.3016927176918


3
10.71
11.4694244322527


4
10.87
10.939453884875


5
10.48
11.0831747112825


6
11.36
10.7328551969143


7
10.49
11.5233197421555


8
10.57
10.7418377485647


9
10.58
10.8136981617685


10
9.42
10.8226807134189


11
9.11
9.78070472196458


12
9.75
9.50224562080005


13
11.14
10.07712892643


14
9.72
11.3257036058452


15
10.73
10.0501812714786


16
10.57
10.957418988176


17
11.91
10.8136981617685


18
13.09
12.0173600829313


19
14.34
13.0773011776866


20
14.09
14.2001201339952


Moreover, we can base on the formula to further iteratate and forecast the next stock prices.


Seq
yt
Estimated yt


21
-
13.9755563427335


22
-
13.8727567364869


23
-
13.7804164592112


24
-
13.6974713282064


25
-
13.6229654358659





Now, you understand the statistical theory behide an Auto-Regressive model. Let's further go to the next post to see how to implement as a trading strategy!






1
0




 Posted on : 2019-11-28 13:45:04.036000





 Email
 Facebook



 3,005













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Stock Forecast - Autoregressive Model






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Stock Forecast - Autoregressive Model
Trading Strategy



This article discuss the implementation of Auto-Regressive (AR) Model as a forecasting trading strategy, then backtest the preformance in ALGOGENE Research Lab.

Library to use:
The discussion below adopts a widely used Statistics Python package 'statsmodels'.

Modeling Instruction:
In addition to estimating the parameters of a model, the library can also do forecasting, both in-sample and out-of-sample using 'statsmodels'. The in-sample is a forecast of the next data point using the data up to that point, and the out-of-sample forecasts any number of data points in the future. These forecasts can be made using either the predict() method if you want the forecasts in the form of a series of data, or using the plot_predict() method if you want a plot of the forecasted data. You supply the starting point for forecasting and the ending point, which can be any number of data points after the data set ends.

Import the class 'ARMA' in the module 'statsmodels.tsa.arima_model'
Create an instance of the ARMA class called 'mod' using the backtest data series data_1 and the order (p,q) of the model (in this case, for an AR(1) order=(1,0)
Fit the model mod using the method '.fit()' and save it in a results object called res
Start the forecast 5 data points before the end of the 30 point series at 25, and end the forecast 5 data points after the end of the series at point 35


Trading Logic:
Suppose we apply an AR(1) for daily Hang Seng Index CFD closing price, over the year of 2018.

Based on a sliding window approach to collect the last 30 closing price
Fit an AR(1) model, and forecast the next 5 closing price
Submit a buy order if the 5th forecast price is above current level; else submit a sell order
Set the holding period to 5 days for each position opening
Repeat the process until the backtest period end


Full Source Code:
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta

# Import the ARMA module from statsmodels
from statsmodels.tsa.arima.model import ARIMA


class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.lasttradetime = datetime(2000,1,1)
        self.numOfData = 30
        self.numOfForecast = 5
        self.data_1 = []

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.myinstrument = mEvt['subscribeList'][0]
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # check if it is a new day
        if md.timestamp > self.lasttradetime + timedelta(hours=24):
            # append last closing price 
            self.data_1.append(md.lastPrice)
            # check if data_1 contain sufficient data point
            if len(self.data_1)>self.numOfData:
                # keep only the latest observation
                self.data_1 = self.data_1[-self.numOfData:]
                # base on AR(1) to make prediction 
                val = self.nextMove()
                # print out result to console
                self.evt.consoleLog(md.timestamp, val)
                # send a buy order
                if val>0:
                    self.sendOrder(1, 'open')
                # send a sell order
                elif val<0:
                    self.sendOrder(-1, 'open')
            # update timer
            self.lasttradetime = md.timestamp

    def nextMove(self):
        # fit AR(1) model
        mod = ARIMA(self.data_1, order=(1,0,0))
        res = mod.fit()
        # forecast the next 
        arrPred = res.predict(start=self.numOfData, end=self.numOfData+self.numOfForecast)
        # calculate the distance between the 5th forecasted Price and current price
        currentPrice = self.data_1[-1]
        forecastPrice = arrPred[-1]
        return forecastPrice-currentPrice

    def sendOrder(self, buysell, openclose):
        orderObj = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject()
        orderObj.instrument = self.myinstrument
        orderObj.holdtime = 5*24*60*60  #unit in second, set maximun holding time to 5 days
        orderObj.volume = 0.01
        orderObj.openclose = openclose
        orderObj.buysell = buysell
        orderObj.ordertype = 0   #0=market_order, 1=limit_order
        self.evt.sendOrder(orderObj)

    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        pass

    def on_dailyPLfeed(self, pl):
        pass

    def on_openPositionfeed(self, op, oo, uo):
        pass


Result:








3
0




 Posted on : 2019-11-28 13:45:04.457000





 Email
 Facebook



 3,171













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | FX Market Introduction






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







FX Market Introduction
Economy & Market



This article discuss some general jargon and property of Foreign Exchange market. In fact, compared to other asset classes, Foreign Exchange market, also called forex or FX market, is more favorable to Algorithmic Trader.

Decentralized Market
For equity market, most transactions are settled in designated stock exchanges, where stock exchanges acts as a central clearing counterparty to perform net cash flows settlement and to bear credit risk of individuals.

Figure 1 - Central Clearing For Equity Market
This Central Clearing mechanism could, however, be interfered by local government due to some risk management measures. For instance, the trigger of “Circuit Breaker Mechanism” in early 2016 in mainland China was blamed by some investors for the stop of share transactions due to the index price dropping below a certain percentage in a single day. Also banks and security brokers were prohibited to open short index future positions during the same period.
In contrast, foreign exchange market is a decentralized and global market. That means buying, selling, and exchanging currencies are done bilaterally, and it is directly operated by market participates themselves. The involved parties can be governmental treasury departments, international banks, financial institutions, insurance companies, or even individuals. Due to sovereignty issues involving two currencies, there is almost no international regulatory entities supervising the exchanging activities.

Figure 2 - Bilateral Clearing Nature in FX Market
As a result, on one hand, foreign exchange market is considered to be an ideal place for criminals to hide illegal activities through money laundering. On the other hand, the operation of forex market is of less intervention, and it has less dependence on individuals likes system failures of a particular bank, market manipulation by a single broker, or holiday effects.

Long Trading Hour
As currencies exchanging activities are involved for international trades, in order to facilitate goods import and export, forex market has been evolved to continuously operate in 24 hours mode except for weekends. Actually, for each individual financial hub, the trading duration is normally 8 hours which is the same as that of the regional stock market. Due to geographical dispersion, the whole global forex market will operate continuously.
Forex market starts trading from 21:00 GMT in Sydney on Sunday to 20:00 GMT in New York on Friday. In fact, there are overlapping trading hours between different centers. In such intervals, the trading volume in forex market would be generally larger, and therefore a more liquid and a lower bid ask spread environment will be formed. 

Figure 3 - FX Market Trading Hour (in GMT)

High Turnover
Foreign exchange market is considered to be the largest investment market in the world in terms of turnover. According to BIS, the daily turnover in 2013 was already over US$5 trillion. Comparing to the largest stock exchange in the world, NYSE has daily turnover generally less than US$ 100 billion.

Figure 4 - Daily Average Turnover in Foreign Exchange Market (in billions of US dollars)

Figure 5 - Market Volume of NYSE Group
Excluding the turnover generated from other stock exchanges, the above 2 figures simply implies that foreign exchange market has turnover at least several times larger than that in equity market. The higher the turnover usually implies the more liquidity of the market, which eventually results in a lower bid ask spread.
Additionally, due to increasing international trade activity and the global decentralized feature of FX market, the daily average turnover for forex was appeared to grow in size for more than 3 times in last 20 years. 

Low Spread
In forex market, the basic unit to measure the amount of change in exchange rate is “price interest point”, or shortly “pip”. Nowadays, most commercial banks and forex brokers quote their rates up to 5 digits. For example, when the market quote for EUR/USD is 1.2345, 1 pip will equal 0.0001 which is the smallest change for the quote.
In fact, for most of the cases, 1 pip is equivalent to 0.0001 of the displayed pair quote. One of the exceptions is Yen-crossed currency pair where the quote is displayed up to 2 decimal places, and the unit pip would be 0.01.
There are some brokers now providing fractional pips where the rate quotes contain an additional digit of precision. Below figure were captured from the platform screen of a forex broker, the quote actually contains 6 digits and the bid ask spread at that moment was

1.11376 –1.11364 = 0.00012 = 1.2 pips 
or in term of marginal cost
(1.11376 –1.11364)/((1.11376+1.11364)/2 ) = 0.0108%


Figure 6 - Market Quote for EURUSD
On the other hand, for equity market, take HSBC (00005.HK) stock listed in HKEx as an example, the captured spread was 

50.80 –50.75=$0.05
or in term of marginal cost
(50.80 –50.754)/((50.80+50.75)/2 )=0.0985%


Figure 7 - Market Quote for HSBC (00005.HK)
From above, it can be seen that the margin cost in FX market is almost one tenth of that for stock market. As bid ask spread can be regarded as a kind of transaction cost, the lower the spread is, the higher the profit margin will be. As a result, FX market could generally yield a higher profit margin.

Rollover Swap
When trading a currency pair, it involves 2 different currencies which is associated with corresponding interest rates. As forex market is operated over-the-counter, the overnight interest rate does not always follow the central bank rate, but is instead constructed based on the forward points from interbank borrowing rate.
For spot positions holding overnight, forex brokers would calculate the financial charges, or rollover swap to process the opened positions. A position taker would receive financial credits on the long position, and pay financial charges on the short position. Due to the difference in interest rate level for different currencies, the net interest difference can either be positive or negative.
As most banks are closed during weekends, rollover will not be applied for these days, but banks will still take these days into account for interest calculation. For the weekend issue in forex market, a general practice would be to book 3 days of rollover on Wednesday. In other word, for a position held overnight on Wednesday, the rollover swap paid or received would be 3 times compared to other weekdays.
From below AUD/USD contract specification captured from a forex broker, a buyer could earn overnight interest for a long AUD/USD position, or loss a relatively higher interest amount for a short AUD/USD position. The rollover property in forex market could create trading strategies such as carry trades.

Figure 8 - Market Contract Specification for AUDUSD

Leverage
Leverage is commonly used to gear up the potential profit. Similar to options and futures, leverage in forex market is operated through a margin account where an investor can open a position with value much higher than his/her initial capital. The use of leverage, on one hand, may be attractive for investors to scale up their profits; but on the other hand, any losses will also be multiplied as well.
As listed options and futures are standard contracts traded over exchanges, local regulators usually impose restriction on the leverage level in order to discourage investors from speculation. For instance, in Hong Kong, the leverage for Hang Seng Index Future (HFI) and Mini-Hang Seng Index Future (MHI) are 50:1 and 10:1 respectively.
In contrast for forex market, due to the decentralized feature, forex brokers are of less supervision. As a result, forex brokers can provide even higher leverage up to 100:1, 200:1, 500:1, or 1000:1. Therefore, forex investors might have more chance to earn a higher yield compared to equity and future market.

Actively Traded Currency
According to BIS report in 2013, the top 7 actively traded currencies in term of turnover are distributed as follows, 43.5% arose from USD, 16.7% from EUR, 11.5% from JPY, 5.9% from GBP, 4.3% from AUD, 2.6% from CHF, 2.3% from CAD. These 7 currencies, also called G7 currency, contributed over 86% of the overall trading volume.
As said earlier, the higher the turnover normally results in the higher liquidity and the lower bid ask spread. Therefore, in forex trading, most investors will mainly focus on the direct and cross pairs from these 7 currencies.

Figure 9 - Major Currency by Average Daily Turnover (in billions of US dollars)






11
0




 Posted on : 2019-11-28 13:45:04.913000





 Email
 Facebook



 3,217










 
Gupta









Very detailed explanation for beginners. Thanks for sharing! 👍👍👍





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-03-20 06:53:59.646000












 
Wang









学习了~





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-27 13:29:16.657000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Installing Python on Windows (Anaconda)






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Installing Python on Windows (Anaconda)
Programming



﻿This tutorial will demonstrate how you can install Anaconda, a powerful package manager, on Microsoft Windows.

What is Anaconda?
Anaconda is a distribution of Python. It is free and open-source and makes package management and deployment simpler. Keep reading to see how. It is the standard platform for Python data science and open-source machine learning. Anaconda is used by data scientists, IT professionals and business leaders.

Why should you use Python Anaconda?

It is free and open-source
It has more than 1500 Python/R data science packages
Anaconda simplifies package management and deployment
It has tools to easily collect data from sources using machine learning and AI
It creates an environment that is easily manageable for deploying any project
Anaconda is the industry standard for developing, testing and training on a single machine
It has good community support- you can ask your questions there.


Python Anaconda Installation
Follow the steps below to install the Anaconda distribution of Python on Windows.


Visit the Anaconda downloads page
Go to the following linkAnaconda.com/downloads
The Anaconda Downloads Page will look like this:

Figure 1 - Anaconda distribution of Python download page

Select Windows
Select Windows where the three operating systems are listed.

Figure 2 - Anaconda downloads page

Download
Download the most recent Python 3 release. At the time of writing, the most recent release was the Python 3.7 Version. Python 2.7 is legacy Python. For problem solvers, select the Python 3.7 version. If you are unsure if your computer is running a 64-bit or 32-bit version of Windows, select 64-bit as 64-bit Windows is most common.

Figure 3 - Select Python version
You may be prompted to enter your email. You can still download Anaconda if you click [No Thanks] and don't enter your Work Email address.

Figure 4 - Part of Anaconda installation
The download is quite large (over 500 MB) so it may take a while to for Anaconda to download.

Figure 5 - Anaconda downloading

Open and run the installer
Once the download completes, open and run the .exe installer. At the beginning of the install, you need to click Next to confirm the installation.

Figure 6 - Welcome to Anaconda installation screen
Then agree to the license.

Figure 7 - Anaconda End User License Agreement
At the Advanced Installation Options screen, you’ll get some advanced options. You can add Anaconda to your system’s PATH environment variable, and register it as the primary system Python 3.7. If you add it to PATH, it will be found before any other installation. Click on 'Install'.

Figure 8 - Click on Install

Open the Anaconda Prompt from the Windows start menu
After the installation of Anaconda is complete, you can go to the Windows start menu and select the Anaconda Prompt.
This opens the Anaconda Prompt. Anaconda is the Python distribution and the Anaconda Prompt is a command line shell (a program where you type in commands instead of using a mouse). The black screen and text that makes up the Anaconda Prompt doesn't look like much, but it is really helpful for problem solvers using Python.
At the Anaconda prompt, type python and hit [Enter]. The python command starts the Python interpreter, also called the Python REPL (for Read Evaluate Print Loop).

python
Python 3.7.1 | (default, Dec 10 2018, 22:54:23) [MSC v.1915 64 bit (AMD64)] on win32
Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
>>>
		

To close the Python interpreter, type exit() at the prompt >>>. Note the double parenthesis at the end of the exit() command. The () is needed to stop the Python interpreter and get back out to the Anaconda Prompt.
To close the Anaconda Prompt, you can either close the window with the mouse, or type exit, no parenthesis necessary.
When you want to use the Python interpreter again, just click the Windows Start button and select the Anaconda Prompt and type python.


If you search for Anaconda now, you will see the following options:

The Anaconda prompt
Anaconda Navigator
Anaconda Powershell prompt
Spyder IDE
Jupyter Notebook

If you go to your command prompt and type ‘jupyter notebook’, it will open the Jupyter dashboard for you.

Figure 9 - Jupyter Notebote
You can create a new notebook from the New menu at the top right.

Figure 10 - Create new Jupyter Notebote
This is your new notebook. You can type in this. To execute a statement or multiple statements at once, press Shift+Enter. Pressing only Enter will only take you to the next line.

Figure 11 - New Notebote

Installing Python Anaconda Libraries
You have successfully installed Anaconda. Now, let’s see how to install libraries or packages with it.
Open the Anaconda Prompt and use the 'conda install command' with the package name.

Figure 12 - Install new package

Happy Coding! :)







1
0




 Posted on : 2019-12-11 13:15:19.152000





 Email
 Facebook



 3,981













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Algo Live Testing






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Algo Live Testing
How it work



What is Algo Live Testing?
Algo Live Testing allows you to quickly execute your Trading Strategy to a set of broker's demo account before you go live. The demo account will be able to process the whole trade life cycle, including data feed, order routing, market slippage, transaction cost and so on, as in production environment, so you can ensure your Algorithmic Strategy is working as expected.
We highly suggested you to go through the Live Testing before deploying to production. This allows you to discover logical bugs, improve quality, increase stability and optimize the performance before you push your Trading Strategy live.

What does Algo Live Testing include?
Algo Live Testing provides the integration with broker's Trial Account Service, which support real time execution on your broker trial accounts. Without code convertion, you can immediately deploy your strategy from Backtest to Live Testing.
Algo Live Testing also provides broker demo account management. Easily define the list of demo accounts you want to be able to test your Trading Strategy. You don't need to care about the broker's connection protocol of who you have connected to test your Strategy. ALGOGENE takes care of the complexity of ensuring that only the demo account you defined are the one that are executing the Strategy.
Algo Live Testing also support on-demand Strategy execution, which provides the feasibility to update/stop existing Algo programs, or to open/close particular positions due to manual judgement.

Are demo accounts provided by me or by ALGOGENE?
The broker demo accounts are suggested to be provided by you, so that you can experience the operation flow for real trading deployment. In general, the work flow to connect to your personal security account will be as follows.


If you don't have one, ALGOGENE also provide dummy accounts for you. The details can be referred to the article "Paper Trade with ALGOGENE Live Simulator".

Which trading brokers can I use?
You can refer to these posts for the available brokers. It will walk you through the connection steps.

Alpaca
Binance
BingX
Bitget
Bybit
Eqonex
Exness
Interactive Brokers
IG
MetaTrader Terminal
MEXC
OANDA
OKX
Tickmill
TradingView
WhaleFin


Can I run multiple Strategy in a single broker demo account?
No. Each ALGOGENE sub-account is bundled with one broker account.
On the other hand, for many broker, you can create mulitple sub-account; hence, you can run different Strategy on different broker account.

Can I run the same Strategy on different broker demo account?
Yes. Same rationale as above.

Which devices does Algo Live Testing support?
Algo Live Testing supports all common devices (Desktop, Laptop, or mobile) that has browser installed. This included but not limited to Internet Explorer (IE), Microsoft Edge, Chrome, FireFox, Safari.

Which APIs can I test with Algo Live Testing?
You can test your Trading Strategy with all ALGOGENE APIs. See the full list of APIs in 'TechDoc' page.

Is there a limit to the number of demo accounts that can be used in a test?
No. There are no limitation. You can test on any number of demo accounts as long as you provided the account connectinon setting.

Is my test confidential?
Yes. Your source code and testing results are encrypted in the server, and it would be viewable to you only.

How much does Algo Live Testing cost?
Please refer to 'Services' page for details.






2
0




 Posted on : 2020-01-06 14:47:03.054000





 Email
 Facebook



 4,076













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect Trading Account with OANDA






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect Trading Account with OANDA
How it work



﻿In connection with OANDA, users can now trade with OANDA accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!


This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your OANDA trading account (either demo account or real trading account). The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who is OANDA?
OANDA Corporation is one of the biggest FX broker in the world providing trading services on FX currency pairs, Commodity, and Equity Indices CFD.

Open Account from OANDA


Create a new trading account from OANDA




Submit relevant documents for identity verification.



Submit application and wait for OANDA’s approval (should take 1-2 days)


For real trading, register the bank account number that you will make deposit to OANDA

Login OANDA portal

Click Add Sub-Account



Click 'Bank Accounts', then '+ Add Bank Account'







Create and Activate Trading Account from OANDA


Login OANDA portal, click Add Sub-Account



Click “+ Add New Sub-Account”

Check “v20 MetaTrader 4”
Check "Enable hedging on this account"
Select Pricing Type = “MT4”
Set MT4 password
Choose desired account Currency, and Leverage
Click “Save”




Record down the account number and connection


Click “Deposit” to indicate the amount/ currency to be deposited to the trading sub-account
Make deposit and transfer from your bank, cap screen and upload to OANDA as reference
Wait for OANDA to verify the acceptance of fund (should take 1-2 days)


Generate API Key from OANDA


Login OANDA portal, Click “Manage API Access”



Click “Generate”, then record down the API key





Config on ALGOGENE
Follow 3 simple steps below, you will then be able to deploy and trade your Algo with OANDA.

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' page, -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case
Update the connection settings accordingly



Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with OANDA.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your OANDA linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"



Happy Trading! :)






8
0




 Posted on : 2020-01-06 14:47:03.367000





 Email
 Facebook



 6,926













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | ALGOGENE Mobile App Installation Guide






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







ALGOGENE Mobile App Installation Guide
How it work



﻿This article goes through the steps to "install" ALGOGENE as a mobile app.

Installation Steps


In your mobile device, browse https://algogene.com


Press "Add" in the pop-up "Add to Home Screen".



ALGOGENE app will automatically create on your mobile home page.




What is the difference?
Unlike a usual native mobile app downloaded from Apple Store or Google Play, ALGOGENE adopt a Progressive Web App approach making it possible to "install" ALGOGENE in your mobile device.


Minimal Space: ALGOGENE simply add a shortcut link, but not physically install any packages/softwares/applications in your mobile


No client updates: ALGOGENE apply all updates from server side. You will always access to the latest version every time when you open the app from mobile


High Reliability: As a Web App, there is no way ALGOGENE can access your mobile system information (eg. address book, GPS, etc)


High Compatibility: With a responsive app design, you can install and access via various devices (eg. mobile, tablet, laptop, desktop, etc)








7
0




 Posted on : 2020-03-12 03:13:25.606000





 Email
 Facebook



 4,529













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Some Guidelines for Strategy Backtesting






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Some Guidelines for Strategy Backtesting
Economy & Market



﻿
What is Backtesting?
Backtesting is a retrodiction process to cross validate a predictive model over previous time period. In financial analysis for investment strategy or risk modeling, backtesting would be used to estimate the performance of a strategy or model as if it had been employed during a past period.
Although backtesting usually applied on actual historical datasets, it could also provide valuable insights when models and strategies are tested on synthetic data.

The Basics of Backtesting
Backtesting is a key component for effective trading system development. It reconstructs the past environment like replaying a recorder, with historical data stream, to simulate trades that would have occurred in the past using rules defined by a given strategy. The result generates statistics to measure the effectiveness of the strategy.
The underlying theory is that any strategy that worked well in the past is likely to work well in the future; and conversely, any strategy that performed poorly in the past is likely to perform poorly in the future. Therefore, a well-conducted backtest that yields positive results assures traders that the strategy is fundamentally sound and is likely to yield profits when implemented in reality, whereas suboptimal results will prompt traders to alter or reject the strategy.
As long as a trading idea can be quantified or logically expressed, it can be backtested. Some traders and investors may seek for programmers to develop the idea into a testable form. Introducing user-defined input variables, it allow the trader to fine tune the trading system.
An example of this would be in the Simple Moving Average crossover system. The trader would be able to input/change the lengths of the two moving averages used in the system. The trader could backtest to determine which lengths of moving averages would have performed the best on the historical data.

What is a sound Backtesting Scenario?
A good backtest should choose sample data from a relevant time period that reflects a variety of market conditions. In this way, one can better judge whether the results of the backtest represent a sound trading.
Suppose you are backtesting a new Equity trading strategy. The historical dataset should cover a truly representative sample of stocks, including companies which eventually went bankrupt or were sold or liquidated. In contrast, including only data from historical stocks that are still available today, will usually produce high returns in backtesting.
A backtest should consider all trading costs, even insignificant, as these can add up over the backtesting period and drastically affect a strategy's profitability.
Out-of-sample testing, Live Testing and forward performance testing provide further confirmation regarding a system's effectiveness and can reflect a system's true appearance before real capital is invested in. High correlation between backtesting and forward performance testing results is also vital to determine the consistency and viability of a trading system.

What is Forward Performance Testing?
The aim for Forward Performance Testing is to provide traders with another set of out-of-sample data to evaluate a system. There are basically 2 ways of doing.

Paper Trading
Pilot Trading

For paper trading, it is a simulation of real trading that follows the system's logic in a live market. As its name, all trades are executed on paper only; that is, trade entries and exits are documented along with any profit or loss for the system, but no real trades are executed.
For pilot trading, system will instead be traded with a small amount of actual money as a mock up before scaling up the investment size. Pilot trading is usually appropriate for high frequency trading strategy that might constitue potential market liquidity impact, which is otherwise difficult to be evaluated from paper trading.
An important point of forward testing is to follow the system's logic exactly in order to accurately evaluate the trading performance. Traders should be honest about any trade entries/exits. If the trade would have occurred following the system's logic, it should be documented and evaluated.

Backtesting vs Scenario Analysis vs Sensitivity Analysis
Backtesting uses actual historical data to evaluate investment performance or to test for model fitness, while Scenario and Sensitivity Analysis make use of hypothetical data to simulate various possible outcomes.
Scenario Analysis and Sensitivity Analysis are quite similar in nature, where the boundary is unclear and people always mix up for many situations. By simulating the value changes in different risk factors (eg. underlying stock price, interest rate, etc), sensitivity analysis enable researchers to determine which key factors will contribute the biggest impact to portfolio value changes. Mathematically speaking, sensitivity analysis measures dP/dx
On the other hand, scenario analysis simulates the portfolio value according to a set of pre-defined changes in key factors. It is commonly used to estimate changes to a portfolio's value in response to an unfavorable event, and may be used to examine a theoretical worst-case scenario.

Limitations of Backtesting

requires sufficient detailed historical data to simulate past conditions
Daily price is easily accessible from many data sources (eg. Yahoo Finance). However, backtesting strategy solely relying on daily price is doubted to be practical, as it simply assumes trades to be executed exactly at the market closing when market liquidity would be insufficient. The ideal backtesting is a tick level data environment which simulate every single transactions in the history.
unable to model strategies that would affect historical prices or market states
As mentioned above, one could base on pilot trading to evaluate the effectiveness for this kind of trading strategies.
potential overfitting like other statistical modeling, meaning that a model would have worked well in the past but will not in the future
One way to avoid overfitting is to use a strategy that succeeds in the relevant, or in-sample, time period and backtest it with data from a different, or out-of-sample, time period. If in-sample and out-of-sample backtests yield similar results, then they are likely generally valid.


Backtesting Recommendations
There are many factors need to pay attention when backtesting your trading strategies. Below list out the most important things.

It is often a good idea to backtest over a long time frame consisting of different types of market conditions. For example, if a strategy was only backtested for bullish market, it may not perform well when there are changes in market state.
Take into consideration the universe in which backtesting applied to. Different sectors or markets have its own property (eg. seasonal effect, supply chain, revenue model, etc), a strategy may behavior differently when applying to a different sector/market. For example, a strategy perform well in energy sector doesn't garantee it perform similarly in other sectors.
Volatility is an important measure to consider when evaluating a trading system, especially for leveraged accounts which are subjected to margin requirement. Researchers should keep volatility low to reduce risk.
Exposure and leverage are double-edged swords. Increasing exposure can lead to higher potential of either profits or losses. In general, it is a good practice to keep exposure below 70% to reduce risk.
Odd ratio (or wins-to-losses ratio) and average-gain/loss statistic, can be useful for capital management to determine optimal position sizing. Traders can take larger positions and reduce transaction costs by increasing their average gains and increasing their wins-to-losses ratio.
It is important not only to look at the overall annualized return but also to take into account the risk taken. This can be done by using risk-adjusted return measures, such as Sharpe Ratio or Sortino Ratio. One should adopt a trading system as long as it outperform all other investments with the same or less risk.
Backtesting setup is extremely important. A good backtesting application like ALGOGENE, should have feasibility for user inputs for transaction costs, bar size, margin requirements, etc. To get the most accurate backtesting results, it is important to adjust these settings to mimic the broker to be used when the system goes live.
Backtesting can sometimes lead to over-fitting, meaning that performance results are tuned so optimal to the past but are no longer accurate in the future. It is generally a good idea to implement rules that apply to all stocks, or a select set of targeted stocks, and are not optimized to the extent the rules are no longer understandable by the developer.
Even backtesting is conducted properly, it is not always garantee the effectiveness of a trading system. Past performance is not indicative of future results. It is a good practice to conduct live testing (paper trade or pilot trade) for a system that has been successfully backtested before going live. This ensure the strategy still applies in current situation.


Conclusion
Backtesting is one of the most important steps to develop a trading system. If created and interpreted properly, it can help traders optimize and improve their strategies, find any technical or theoretical problems, as well as gain confidence in their strategy before applying it to the real world markets.

Sign up today to start backtest your trading idea with ALGOGENE! :)






3
0




 Posted on : 2020-03-18 13:59:31.438000





 Email
 Facebook



 3,875













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Overview of Leverage and Margin






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Overview of Leverage and Margin
Economy & Market



Most of the times, the terms leverage and margin are used together. Although they both involve borrowing, leverage and margin are in fact interconnected but different thing.

What is Leverage?
Leverage refers to using borrowed capital as a funding source for investment to increase the potential return. In Corporate Finance, leverage can also refer to the amount of debt a firm uses to finance assets. That is, instead of issuing stock to raise capital, companies can use debt financing to invest in business operations in an attempt to increase shareholder value.
When a company or investment is said to be "highly leveraged", it means that it has more debt than equity. A common way to measure leverage is using Leverage Ratio, which is defined as: 

Leverage Ratio = Asset/Equity = 1 + Debt/Equity

As seen from the formula, the value of leverage ratio is floored at 1 when there involves no borrowing, and has no upper bound theoretically. For example, suppose a bank has asset of US100 billion, where US10 billion come from Share holders and US90 billion come from depositors, then the bank will carry a leverage ratio of 10.

What is Margin?
Margin is a way to create leverage!
In securities trading, a margin account allows you to borrow money from a broker at a fixed interest rate to purchase securities in the anticipation of receiving considerably higher returns. In practice, it includes buying an asset where the buyer pays only a percentage of the asset's value and borrows the rest from the bank or broker. The broker acts as a lender and the securities in the investor's account act as collateral.
Using margin to purchase securities is effectively like using the current cash or securities already in your account as collateral for a loan. The collateralized loan comes with an interest rate that must be paid. The investor is in fact taking leverage with the borrowed money, and therefore both the losses and gains will be magnified.
When money is borrowed from a brokerage firm to invest in other financial instruments, margin will be the difference between the total value of securities held in an investor's account and the loan amount from the broker. In other words, a margin refers to the amount of equity an investor has in their brokerage account. i.e. 

Margin Amount = (Account Asset Value) - (Borrowed Amount) = Equity held in broker account

In reality, there are two common quotations for margin requirement.

Fixed margin amount
This quotation approach is mainly adopted by many Exchanges for the advantages of fast computation and the convenience for cash transfers.
For example, at the time of writing, HKEx (https://www.hkex.com.hk/Services/Clearing/Listed-Derivatives/Risk-Management/Margin/Margin-Tables?sc_lang=en) require investors to pay HK$154,546 as margin in order to purchase 1 lot of HSI Index Future.


Margin as a Percentage
In contrast to Fixed Margin approach, Margin as a Percentage would be more appropriate for risk management to deal with changing security price level. This approach is also widely adopted by other OTC Brokers such as Crypto and FX brokers.
As an example, if your margin account is subject to an initial margin requirement of 60%, and you purchase $1,000,000 worth of stocks, then your margin would be $600,000, where the rest would be borrowed from the broker. 


How Margin is related to Leverage?
Following the examples above,

As HSI Index Future has a price magnifier of 50, meaning that 1 index point change will lead to ±HK$50. Suppose current HSI Index Future price is 25000, and buying 1 lot of HSI Index Future require HK$154,546 as margin. Then, leverage ratio is calculated to be ($25000*50)/$154,546 = 8.0882

You pay $600,000 to get stocks worth $1,000,000. Thus, leverage ratio is calculated to be $1,000,000/$600,000 = 1.6667. 

As you can imagine, the lower is the margin requirement, the higher is the leverage ratio. In general, 

Leverage Ratio = 1/(Margin Requirement)

How Margin and Leverage involved in P/L Calculation?
Once the leverage ratio is derived, the PL figure can simply be computed as 
PLk,t = Vk,t × (Pk,t - Pk,t-1) × Lk - ck 
where

k is the k-th security in the account portfolio
PLk,t is the daily profit/loss at day t
Pk,t is the closing price at day t
Vk,t is the outstanding number of share/ volume/ inventory at day t
Lk is the leverage ratio for the k-th security in the margin account
ck is the cost of carrying the k-th security in the margin account (eg. interest, tax, roll-over, etc)

The formula showed that leverage acts as a multiplicative factor, and that's why taking leverage could scale up potential profit or loss.

What is buying power?
For leveraged trading where traders can take out a loan based on the amount of cash held in their brokerage account, buying power refers to the amount of money available for investors to purchase securities. Mathematically, 

Buying Power = (Leverage Ratio)×(Investor's equity)

For example, suppose an investor made an initial deposit US$100,000 to a broker 20:1 leverage account. Then, the investor would be able to purchase, at maximum, US$2,000,000 worth of securities. Hence, the investor would have a buying power of US$2,000,000 for this broker account.

Conclusion
Leverage is a double-edged sword which can magnify both gains and losses. If an investor uses leverage to make an investment and the investment moves against the investor, his/her loss will be much greater than it would have been if he/she had not leveraged the investment. In reality, you should better consider your financial situation, investment objectives, experience, and risk tolerance, before making any leveraged investment decision.






7
0




 Posted on : 2020-04-17 14:04:55.042000





 Email
 Facebook



 3,448













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | ALGOGENE REST API






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







ALGOGENE REST API
How it work



﻿
What can I do with your REST API?
ALGOGENE REST API service enables headless read/write access and perform ALGOGENE actions. These APIs can enable a number of custom solutions or extend core features to be embedded into ancillary workflows, tools, or projects.
The current version of API enables performing below tasks:

Realtime/Historical Data Query

Market data
News
Economic Calendar
Economic Statistics
Weather

Trading Strategy Query

Performance statistics
Strategy/Account settings
Daily profit/loss
Daily inventory
Daily capital usage
User defined parameter values

Account Configuration

Update and connect to broker accounts
Query account balance/inventory/PL

Orders

Open/close/cancel orders
Update outstanding/pending orders



What do I need in order to access the APIs?
All you need is to get an API Key, which is only eligible for a registered user. After log into the platform, you can generate the Key from Settings page.


What should I do if I want to re-generate the API Key?
The procedure is the same. The Key can be re-generated from Settings page, with user verification. After the key re-generation, your old API key will become invalid and cannot be used to access ALGOGENE APIs.

Where can I get start?
ALGOGENE's REST API Docs is a tool used to explore the available API functions and the required parameters. It provides a thorough experience for discovering what the API can do. For full parameter descriptions and syntax examples, we frequently encouraged developers reading the API Docs, filtering and practicing those calls.

What format are the requests and responses?
The API uses standard REST protocol (GET, HEAD, POST, PUT, PATCH, DELETE, CONNECT, OPTIONS, TRACE) with request and response payloads formatted as JSON.

Are there usage limits for the API service?
We offer free API service for our global community of users. You are recommended to make API requests prudently (up to 1 API requests per minute and 1440 requests per day) to achieve the best server performance. If you would like to target a larger API call, you are welcome to upgrade to a premium service here.

Do you have Postbacks or Webhooks?
The current API release does not contain these callback methods. However, Webhooks is listed in our development plan.
After the next release, ALGOGENE Webhooks allow you to set up an integration with a third party service based on ALGOGENE events. You can use the integration to enable notifications via text, email or a communication app whenever an ALGOGENE event occurs. From Dashboard Settings, you can define your own conditions and HTTP callback to trigger an action/notification. For each Webhook, you will need to configure corresponding listeners and subscribe it to events. The Webhook listener will look out for your defined URL for incoming HTTPS POST notification messages.

Can you help on coding?
Maybe but it is not considered as a normal practice. We are happy to answer questions and provide sample codes. However, if you require extensive coding, we would need to discuss your needs. Our development team would review your request and provide a cost estimate for you. Please contact us at support@algogene.com for the user requirements.

Can I open-source (eg. GitHub) my developed library/wrapper for ALGOGENE API?
Yes, we truly appreciate the help and support from the community to make ALGOGENE even more accessible and developer-friendly. However, for our users to get the original debugging and troubleshooting information from ALGOGENE, your library/wrapper should preserves the content of our JSON responses in both success and error cases.

What should I do if I would like to improve an existing API or propose a new technical feature?
We are eager to deliver the best user experience with the highest technical expertise. Please free feel to contact our support team anytime!






4
0




 Posted on : 2020-06-26 04:24:16.227000





 Email
 Facebook



 4,469













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | ALGOGENE Marketplace FAQ






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







ALGOGENE Marketplace FAQ
How it work



﻿What is ALGOGENE Marketplace?
ALGOGENE Marketplace is our brand-new 2-sided social trading service.

[Subscriber]: For those who want to invest but lack of experience or time, it gives you the ability to invest in the strategies from experienced professionals!
[Publisher]: For those who have already established a profitable trading strategy and want to scale up, it enables you to enjoy shared profits from publishing your strategies!


What's a social trading strategy?
When you use ALGOGENE platform, you will discover a wide range of trading strategies created by our global network of experienced researchers. All you need to do is to search for a strategy that is suitable for you, decide how much you want to invest, then wait and watch the trades executed for you.

What are the benefits to publish/subscribe on ALGOGENE Marketplace?

You can tap into the experience of professional traders
You have access to a wide variety of trading strategies
You can free up time from closely monitoring the market
You can have a free trail before subscription
You can create secondary income and earn returns as a freelance strategy provider


Are there any drawbacks?
When using ALGOGENE Marketplace, it is important that you act responsibly to protect your account, which means weighing the pros and cons of strategies, rather than going on a 'feeling'. Here's how to trade responsibly on our platform:

It could be convenient to simply follow professional's strategy, but it is still necessary to know what you are investing on
High risk strategies can bring high returns when the market moves in your favor, but please be aware that there is an increased likelihood of volatility and potential losses too.
Investing in strategies that focus on different assets, is a way to diversify your portfolio and reduce your risk exposures.



How do I get started as a strategy Subscriber?
Getting started is simple. Simply explore and search from ALGOGENE Marketplace for a strategy that matches your goals and risk appetite. You can refine the search results, apply filters and indicators, and even drill into the historical performance, to help you decide whether the strategy suits you.

How do I subscribe and invest on a strategy?
You can subscribe a strategy for either live-testing or real-trading. Subscription can be done as follows:

Create an ALGOGENE strategy hosting account (Live-Test or Real-Trade)
Open a real trading account from our supported brokers, and deposit funds to the account if it is for real-trading
Bindle it with an ALGOGENE sub-account, and configurate the connection setting on ALGOGENE portal  (refer to these posts 'Eqonex', 'Interactive Brokers', 'IG', 'OANDA')
Search and choose a desired strategy from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Click "Subscribe" button to start executing the strategy on your sub-account


After these steps, subsequent trades from strategy provider will be automatically copied to your trading account. Enjoy the automation and let's others work for you!

What is a subscription period?
A subscription period is a time period in which the system will execute the trades for you. It is effective immediately when you subscribe a strategy, and will be automatically recurred in a monthly basis.

How can I cancel a subscription?
If you have outstanding subscriptions, you can cancel as follows:

After login the platform, go to [Settings] > [Algo Marketplace Config] > [Subscribed Algo Strategy]
Select the corresponding account, then click "Unsubscribed algo"


After that, all your outstanding trades placed by the subscribed strategy will be closed immediately, and you will no longer be charged from upcoming billing cycles.

Can I stop runing the subscribed strategy during my subscription period?
Sure, you can do it at any time if you consider the strategy doesn't perform well. Go to 'Live Test' or 'Real Trade' page depending on your case, then simply click "Stop Algo". Any open trades arose from that strategy will be immediately closed, and subsequent trades will stop executing on your account.


Can I restart the same strategy after stopping it?
Yes. Go to 'Live Test' or 'Real Trade' page depending on your subscription case, then simply click "Restart Algo".

Can I switch to another strategy during a subscription period?
Yes. You need to follow above to cancel the current subscription first. Then, go to ALGOGENE Marketplace to search for a new one.

Can I subscribe more than one strategy at the same time?
Yes. You can create multiple ALGOGENE sub-accounts to execute different strategies independently and simultaneously.

If I subscribe multiple strategies, are they considered to be separated investments?
Yes. As each strategy is executed on different ALGOGENE sub-account which eventually bindle to your different broker account. The new strategy has no impact on the strategy you have already subscribed to. This is because the amount you invest in each strategy will be fully segregated into different trading accounts. Therefore, the changes in one strategy's balance will not affect the balances of other strategies.

Can I close a specific order that was opened from a subscribed strategy?
Yes, you can, but you will be fully liable to:

direct profit/loss from your action
indirect profit/loss due to alter of trading behavior of the subscribed strategy incurred from your action

Besides, the profit/loss arose from such 'Manual Order' will be excluded from the calculation of profit sharing.

How does strategy subscription work?
When you subscribe a strategy, the size of the position opened on your account depends on your investment and the provider's strategy equity. Let's look at an example:
You invest US$2,000 in a Publisher A’s strategy. On the other hand, Publisher A has invested US$10,000 equity for that strategy.
Investor’s equity / Strategy equity = 2000/10000 = 0.2 
It means that every position opened on the investor’s account will be 0.2x the size of the position opened on the strategy publisher's account.

Can my subscription trade at larger size?
Yes, we support various copy-trade mode. You can refer to this article for details.



How do I get started as a strategy Publisher?
For Publisher, you can either publish your backtest, live-testing, or real trading strategy. However, in order to ensure the integrity and quality of strategy on ALGOGENE Marketplace,

We will confirm your personal identity by requesting relevant verification documents
Your strategy need to pass serveral performance criteria, such as no. of trading days, annualized return, max. drawdown, etc

Your strategy will be listed and available on ALGOGENE Marketplace as soon as these criteria are fulfilled. For better credibility and confidence, it is also recommended that you have been real-traded or invested in your own strategy for some period before publishing them.

How much can I get when publishing my strategy?
When publishing your strategy, you have the feasibility to specify the desired reward amount or follow a default payout scheme.

Fixed-price: you will receive a fixed amount of monthly subscription fee

Default payout scheme: it is a dynamic pricing (capped at HK$1,380/ month) according to the latest score of your algo performance. For example, if your algo is scored 75 today, it will display a subscription fee of HK$1,380 * 75/100 = HK$1,035 on marketplace. If next week your algo perform better and get a score of 80, then the subscription fee will adjusted to HK1,380 * 80/100 = HK$1,104.

A higher "fee" you set might results in more income, but in the same time, investors might lose interests in subscribing your strategy. Thus, you are recommended to consider your target audience, potential investment size and returns, etc, in determining the "fee".


When will I get my entitled subscription fee?
We will immediately invoice and credit the fee to you, as long as payment has been charged from subscriber. It will normally take 3-5 business days to reach to your bank account.


How do I get my entitled subscription fee?
To fulfill the compliance of Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC), you are required to provide additional information to ALGOGENE to verify your personal identity. Stripe is our payment partner to perform the AML/KYC with you. All you need to do is to register as follows:

Login the platform, go to [Settings] > [Add New Payment Methods], then click [Stripe]

Fill in all the required information

Stripe will verify your provided bank account, mobile and email

After the KYC process, ALGOGENE is then authorized to transfer any entitled fee to your provided bank account in the future.


How to publish my strategy?
Please refer to the coming post for the details.







9
0




 Posted on : 2020-07-15 01:11:40.287000





 Email
 Facebook



 4,023










 
Zhang Jun









请问这个功能是全自动下单, 还是需要人手操作的? 谢谢!





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-11-12 14:36:12.815000












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Zhang Jun':  
请问这个功能是全自动下单, 还是需要人手操作的? 谢谢!

我們提供以下2種執行方式: Robo-Trader (交易機器人): 全自動執行模式。在出現交易訊號時，即自動下單Robo-Advisor (交易顧問): 半自動執行模式。 在出現交易訊號時，只發送出入市訊號，然後用戶自行判斷下單





1
0




 Posted on : 2021-11-24 13:30:51.884000












 
user









Bonjour ,Bien j'aimerais avoir un éclaircissement en ce qui concerne le dernier point du post :" Comment puis-je obtenir les frais d'abonnement attribués j'ai droit ?"Stripe est-il le seul moyen par lequel nous pouvons obtenir les frais d'abonnement ? ; stripe n'étant pas encore  disponible dans mon pays .





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-17 14:43:23.860672












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Opt_Klecher':  
Bonjour ,Bien j'aimerais avoir un éclaircissement en ce qui concerne le dernier point du post :" Comment puis-je obtenir les frais d'abonnement attribués j'ai droit ?"Stripe est-il le seul moyen par lequel nous pouvons obtenir les frais d'abonnement ? ; stripe n'étant pas encore  disponible dans mon pays .

Hello Opt_Kiecher, thanks for your question. May we know which country are you based in? Our payment team will check out what can be done for your situationCurrently, Stripe supports payments in 45+ countries (https://stripe.com/global). If you have bank accounts from any of the supported regions, it will be ok. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-18 15:43:21.108480












 
user










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
                                        Hello Opt_Kiecher, thanks for your question. May we know which country are you based in? Our payment team will check out what can be done for your situationCurrently, Stripe supports payments in 45+ countries (https://stripe.com/global). If you have bank accounts from any of the supported regions, it will be ok. 

Merci , pour votre  réponse , comme je le disais stripe n'est pas disponible dans mon pays qui est "la République du Congo"





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-18 18:50:32.156635












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Opt_Klecher':  
                                        Merci , pour votre  réponse , comme je le disais stripe n'est pas disponible dans mon pays qui est "la République du Congo"

salut, comme discuté en interne, nous pourrions convertir en USDT et envoyer à votre portefeuille crypto (par exemple Metamask).





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-19 08:06:04.299893












 
user










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
                                        salut, comme discuté en interne, nous pourrions convertir en USDT et envoyer à votre portefeuille crypto (par exemple Metamask).

D'accord je comprends merci , et quant à la configuration lors de la publication de ma stratégie , elle sera la même que lorsqu'elle devait se faire avec stripe ....(pour le passage de mon adresse public , afin de les obtenir sur Metamask) ?Merci à nouveau et d'avance pour l'aide que vous m'apporterez .





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-21 21:54:12.272536












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Opt_Klecher':  
                                        D'accord je comprends merci , et quant à la configuration lors de la publication de ma stratégie , elle sera la même que lorsqu'elle devait se faire avec stripe ....(pour le passage de mon adresse public , afin de les obtenir sur Metamask) ?Merci à nouveau et d'avance pour l'aide que vous m'apporterez .

oui, toutes les étapes de configuration seront les mêmes sauf que vous devez vous connecter avec MetaMask.






0
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-22 05:57:40.817197















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect Trading Account with IG






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect Trading Account with IG
How it work



ALGOGENE now supports users to trade with IG accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!


Open Alpaca trading accounts through our partnership link, you will enjoy:

40% commission rebate for trading on IG
HK$300 free credits on ALGOGENE


This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your IG trading account (either demo account or real trading account). The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.
[Remark: for demo account, you will need to open a live account first, then in the live account to create demo account and retrieve the demo setting API Key]


Who is IG?
IG Group, a UK-based company and regulated by the FCA, is one of the largest retail brokers in the world, providing stockbroking, contracts for difference and financial spread betting. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange (LON: IGG) and a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.

Open Account from IG


Register a live trading account from IG. You may be redirected to another site for your residence country.
eg. Singapore residents should register at https://www.ig.com/sg/ 




In case of real trading, you also need to register the funding method and make deposit to your trading account

Login IG portal
Click '+ Add funds'





Create and Activate Trading Account from IG


Login IG portal, click 'Add an account'




Create CFD account, NOT MT4.




Record down the account number




For demo account, you should get the account number from "Demo accounts", and apply configuration accordingly (eg. add virtual fund)



For demo account, you can also reset virtual fund in [Open Platform] > [Manage funds]




Generate API Key from IG


Login IG portal, go to [Settings] > [API keys]



Click “Generate new key”, then record down the followings:

API key
Web API login user name
Web API login password




Config on ALGOGENE

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Update the connection settings accordingly



Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade your Algo with IG.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your IG linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"


Go to [Setting] > [Algo Market] > [My Subscribed Algo Strategy], you should see your subscribed Algo is active in trading for you. You have the feasibility to "Stop copy trade" and "Start copy trade" at any time.



Happy Trading! :)






8
0




 Posted on : 2020-08-11 06:52:40.264000





 Email
 Facebook



 6,369













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Deploying your first Robo-Trader






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Deploying your first Robo-Trader
How it work



This article shows you how to deploy a Robo-Trader for either live-testing or real-trading, on ALGOGENE platform.


What is a Robo-Trader?
ALGOGENE Robo-Trader is a usage scenario for automatically trading algo execution. With a Robo-Trader, it could save your time in continuous monitoring financial markets and tedious steps of manual trade inputs. Whenever there are trading signals generated, the investment bots will directly submit and execute the trade orders to your personal broker accounts. The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who are the providers of Robo-Traders?
The Robo-Traders could either be 

DIY - developed by yourself, or
Subscribed from a third-party algo providers in ALGOGENE Marketplace


Prerequisites
For real-trading, you are required to link up your ALGOGENE account with a securities account from our supported brokers. Please refer to these posts for the setup if you haven't done so.

Connect Trading Account with Alpaca
Connect Trading Account with Binance
Connect Trading Account with BingX
Connect Trading Account with Bitget
Connect Trading Account with Bybit
Connect Trading Account with Eqonex
Connect Trading Account with Exness
Connect Trading Account with Interactive Brokers
Connect Trading Account with IG
Guideline to use ALGOGENE DLL in MetaTrader
Connect Trading Account with MEXC
Connect Trading Account with OANDA
Connect Trading Account with OKX
Connect Trading Account with Tickmill
Guideline to setup Incoming Webhook Signal with TradingView
Connect Trading Account with WhaleFin

For live-testing, you can either use ALGOGENE for the paper-trading (by default), or connect to demo accounts provided by above brokers.

1. How to deploy DIY Robo-Trader?
(a) Deploy from a backtested script
In fact, it is the most common deployment method for our research based users. For DIY Robo-Trader, it is highly recommended to backtest your strategy before go-live. It does not only allow you to assess how a strategy would have performed in the past, but also to discover potential logical bugs in your script.
The deployment from backtest is very simple which requires NO code changes. Here are the steps to deploy a backtest script:

Suppose you've already backtested some strategies on ALGOGENE, where you can check it from [My History] as follows.

Now, go to [Settings] > [Trade Account]

then [Live Test] for live-test deployment, or
[Real Trade] for real-trade deployment

Select your broker-linked account, and click button "Execute Algo"

Choose your desired backtest script, and click "Execute" button

Verify your action

After passing the verification step, go to [Live Test] or [Real Trade] depending on your case. Your Robo-Trader is active now!



(b) Deploy from livetest/ real-trade interface
It is feasible for you to write your script entirely from livetest/ real-trade interface. However, we don't recommend you to do so due to potential risk of logic errors. Instead, it will be the case when you want to fine-tune your strategy after deploying from a backtest script. The scripting language and framework are exactly the same to what you have done in backtesting. Here are the steps: 

Go to [Live Test] or [Real Trade] depending on your case
Go to [Account Details], select your linked account and click "Stop Algo"

Now, go to [Account Details] > [Script], re-write or update your trading logics, then press button "Run" (you can refer to Tech Doc for ALGOGENE Web APIs)



(c) Deploy through ALGOGENE REST API
If you want to host your strategy locally rather than on ALGOGENE's cloud, you can also utilize ALGOGENE REST API. Please refer to the REST API Doc for the implementation details. The workflows are summarized below:

Use "Account Configuration" endpoint to link up ALGOGENE with your broker accounts
Use "Orders" endpoints to send orders
Other endpoints to query market data, account balance, inventory, etc

To ease for strategy performance analysis, your transaction details executed via REST API will also be real-time synchronized on ALGOGENE's web portal. You can check it from [Live Test] or [Real Trade].

2. How to deploy a subscribed Robo-Trader?


Explore available Robo-Traders from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired Robo-Trader, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"


Go to [Setting] > [Algo Market] > [My Subscribed Algo Strategy], you should see your subscribed Algo is active in trading for you. You have the feasibility to "Stop copy trade" and "Start copy trade" at any time.



It is now the time to build up your own Robo portfolio. Let's Robo-Traders work for you, and free you up to enjoy the life!






8
0




 Posted on : 2020-11-01 06:20:24.625000





 Email
 Facebook



 5,990













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Matplotlib for data visualization on ALGOGENE IDE






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Matplotlib for data visualization on ALGOGENE IDE
Programming



Visualizing datasets on ALGOGENE Research Lab is extremely simple. This articles shows you how to apply a popular Python charting library 'matplotlib' to acheive this. With 'matplotlib', you can create and customize various charts in Python. Here is the official document https://matplotlib.org/ to explore what kind of charts available.

Figure 1 - Python Matplotlib on ALGOGENE

Before we go into the example, let's go back a little bit to ALGOGENE's cloud environment structure. When you create an ALGOGENE account, you will be automatically assigned with a partition of computing resources including disk storage, random assess memory, etc. All your backtest, livetest or real-trading scripts will be encrypted and execute on your dedicated environment separately and independently. If you want to display some customized calculation results (eg. charts), it is necessary to dump the "data" to your assigned directory first. Then, ALGOGENE Web Server would be able to pull the results and display to frontend interface.
In the following, suppose we are interested to visualize the dispersion of daily return between 2 instruments. On ALGOGENE Backtest environment, we choose S&P500 and Hang Seng Index as an example. Now, an important step is to save the charts to our assigned image directory, i.e. self.evt.path_img specified at line 32 below. That's it!


Full Source Code
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.lasttradetime = datetime(2000,1,1)
        self.arrSize = 100
        self.last_price_X = 0
        self.last_price_Y = 0
        self.arr_return_Y = []
        self.arr_return_X = []

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.myinstrument_Y = mEvt['subscribeList'][0]
        self.myinstrument_X = mEvt['subscribeList'][1]
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()

    def on_bulkdatafeed(self, isSync, bd, ab):
        if isSync:
            # get new day price
            if bd[self.myinstrument_Y]['timestamp'] > self.lasttradetime + timedelta(hours=24):
                self.lasttradetime = bd[self.myinstrument_Y]['timestamp']
                # calculate daily return
                if self.last_price_X>0 and self.last_price_Y>0:
                    self.arr_return_Y.append(bd[self.myinstrument_Y]['lastPrice']/self.last_price_Y - 1)
                    self.arr_return_X.append(bd[self.myinstrument_X]['lastPrice']/self.last_price_X - 1)

                    # print observation
                    self.evt.consoleLog(self.arr_return_Y, self.arr_return_X)

                    # plot chart
                    plt.scatter(self.arr_return_X, self.arr_return_Y, alpha=0.5)
                    plt.title('Scatter plot as of '+str(self.lasttradetime))
                    plt.xlabel(self.myinstrument_X)
                    plt.ylabel(self.myinstrument_Y)
                    plt.savefig(self.evt.path_img+"a.png")

                else:
                    self.last_price_X = bd[self.myinstrument_X]['lastPrice']
                    self.last_price_Y = bd[self.myinstrument_Y]['lastPrice']
                # keep array size = 100
                if len(self.arr_return_Y)>self.arrSize:
                    self.arr_return_Y = self.arr_return_Y[-self.arrSize:]
                if len(self.arr_return_X)>self.arrSize:
                    self.arr_return_X = self.arr_return_X[-self.arrSize:]
                

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        pass

    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        pass

    def on_dailyPLfeed(self, pl):
        pass

    def on_openPositionfeed(self, op, oo, uo):
        pass


Console Result

Figure 2 - Console result on ALGOGNEE Web IDE






9
0




 Posted on : 2020-11-13 13:58:48.022000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,861










 
David









Hi, I am using NLTK package for NLP stuff. How can I visualize NLTK results on the web platform, likes what you did for Matplotlib?





1
0




 Posted on : 2020-11-17 15:50:09.120000












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'David':  
                                        Hi, I am using NLTK package for NLP stuff. How can I visualize NLTK results on the web platform, likes what you did for Matplotlib?
                                    
As mentioned above, in order to visualize customized charts on ALGOGENE Web Platform, we need to firstly save the images to our dedicated cloud directory.
However, according to NLTK's implementation (https://github.com/nltk/nltk), the charts are built from 'matplotlib', with its plt.show() always called. Once the chart is closed, plt.savefig() has no active chart to save anymore. A workaround is to turn on the interactive mode, such that the plt.show() inside the NLTK function does not block. Then we can call plt.savefig() to save the current chart. After that, the interactive mode can be turned off again.
For the following example, the mentioned workaround can be referred to lines #26 - 29 

Source Code
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import nltk
from nltk import word_tokenize
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt


class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.lasttradetime = datetime(2000,1,1)
        self.isPlotted = False

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()

    def on_bulkdatafeed(self, isSync, bd, ab):
        pass

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        pass

    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        pass

    def on_newsdatafeed(self, nd):
        if not self.isPlotted:
            self.isPlotted = True
            text1 = nltk.Text(word_tokenize(nd.text))
            plt.ion()
            dplot = text1.dispersion_plot(["Trump","fired"])
            plt.savefig(self.evt.path_img+"a.png")
            plt.ioff()

    def on_dailyPLfeed(self, pl):
        pass

    def on_openPositionfeed(self, op, oo, uo):
        pass


Console Result







1
0




 Posted on : 2020-11-18 13:59:37.604000












 
admin









Since the new release of Jupyter Notebook in Jun-2021, it has more feasibility to visualize and interact with the dataset. Examples can refer to post Data exploration with Jupyter Notebook





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-09 04:32:32.435000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guidelines to re-use model results for backtests






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guidelines to re-use model results for backtests
Programming



When developing a trading algorithm, it may be the case where we have trained/built a particular model for a financial instrument and want to apply it on other financial sectors/markets. For such case, re-using a pre-trained model for strategy backtests could largely reduce the time in repeated model calibration process. However, if we handle it inproperly, it is likely for us to fall into the trap of "Look Ahead Bias"!

What is "Look Ahead Bias"?
Look-ahead bias refers to making trade decisions based on data/information that would only be available in the future.
For backtesting, it is crucial that we only use information that would have been available at the time of the trade. For example, using a yearly earnings figure that would be released a quarter later will potentially bias the results in favor of the desired outcome. The accuracy of this strategy performance is also doubtful.
Here are some considerations for identifying a potential look-ahead bias.

When was the data released?
At what time the data observable and available to us?


Load/Dump model on ALGOGENE Web IDE
As an event streaming backtest enginee, ALGOGENE primarily eliminated the look-ahead bias where data feed into our strategy script according to chronological order, as if replaying a recorder. On the other hand, ALGOGENE provides feasibility to save and re-use customized models for backtesting on the Web IDE. Such feasibility, however, might expose us to potential look-ahead bias that we might inappropriately introduce. Thus, the questions above would be a guide to justify whether our re-used model is logically sound good.
Now, let's see how to load/dump a model on ALGOGENE IDE. Upon account registration on the platform, each user has automatically been assigned with a partition on ALGOGENE's cloud environment. All we need to do is simply to save the model to our assigned cloud directory (i.e. self.evt.path_lib), and then retrieve it for other backtest process. In the following example, it is presented how to implement programmatically, but it may not be logically sound good in terms of strategy backtesting. 
Suppose we want to find out the mathematical relationship between 3 financial instruments, defined as Y = f(X1, X2). We based on 'keras' (https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/keras/save_and_serialize) library to derive the fitted model using the past 100 daily observations. In the first example below, we create 'model_1' directory and dump the results there. In the second example, 'model_1' is retrieved for another backtest.

Source Codes
Save a model refers to line #51
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import tensorflow as tf
from tensorflow import keras


def get_model():
    # Create a simple model with 2 input variables
    inputs = keras.Input(shape=(2,))
    outputs = keras.layers.Dense(1)(inputs)
    model = keras.Model(inputs, outputs)
    model.compile(optimizer="adam", loss="mean_squared_error")
    return model

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.lasttime = datetime(2000,1,1)
        self.isSaved = False
        self.numOfObs = 100 
        self.arr_Y, self.arr_X1, self.arr_X2 = [], [], []
        self.model = get_model()

    def start(self, mEvt):
        # get my selected financial instruments
        self.myinstrument_Y = mEvt['subscribeList'][0]
        self.myinstrument_X1 = mEvt['subscribeList'][1]
        self.myinstrument_X2 = mEvt['subscribeList'][2]

        # start backtest
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()

    def on_bulkdatafeed(self, isSync, bd, ab):
        if isSync and not self.isSaved:
            # get new day price
            if bd[self.myinstrument_Y]['timestamp'] > self.lasttime + timedelta(hours=24):
                self.lasttime = bd[self.myinstrument_Y]['timestamp']

                # append observation
                self.arr_Y.append(bd[self.myinstrument_Y]['lastPrice'])
                self.arr_X1.append(bd[self.myinstrument_X1]['lastPrice'])
                self.arr_X2.append(bd[self.myinstrument_X2]['lastPrice'])

                if len(self.arr_Y) >= self.numOfObs:
                    # Train the model
                    test_input = [[self.arr_X1[i], self.arr_X2[i]] for i in range(0,self.numOfObs)]
                    test_target = [[self.arr_Y[i]] for i in range(0,self.numOfObs)]
                    self.model.fit(test_input, test_target)

                    # save the model
                    self.model.save(self.evt.path_lib+"model_1")

                    self.isSaved = True

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        pass

    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        pass

    def on_newsdatafeed(self, nd):
        pass

    def on_dailyPLfeed(self, pl):
        pass

    def on_openPositionfeed(self, op, oo, uo):
        pass


Load a model refers to line #24
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import tensorflow as tf
from tensorflow import keras


def get_model():
    # Create a simple model with 2 variables
    inputs = keras.Input(shape=(2,))
    outputs = keras.layers.Dense(1)(inputs)
    model = keras.Model(inputs, outputs)
    model.compile(optimizer="adam", loss="mean_squared_error")
    return model

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        pass

    def start(self, mEvt):
        # start backtest
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)

        # load my model_1
        self.model = keras.models.load_model(self.evt.path_lib+"model_1")

        self.evt.start()

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # use self.model for new market data feed ...
        pass







3
0




 Posted on : 2020-12-02 14:56:53.079000





 Email
 Facebook



 3,279










 
admin









Since the system release in 2021.04, users can now interact with your assigned cloud directory. The self.evt.path_lib mentioned above will be equivalent to /lib in cloud server. From [My History] > [Custom File Viewer], you can directly upload, download, edit, and delete your data and models. 








0
0




 Posted on : 2021-04-30 15:33:50.725000












 
Bee Bee










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
                                        Since the system release in 2021.04, users can now interact with your assigned cloud directory. The self.evt.path_lib mentioned above will be equivalent to /lib in cloud server. From [My History] > [Custom File Viewer], you can directly upload, download, edit, and delete your data and models. 




Hi, I have trained a model in my local machine. Can I include it for backtest? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-05-27 11:51:46.770000












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Bee Bee':  
                                        Hi, I have trained a model in my local machine. Can I include it for backtest? 
                                    
Yes, you can firstly upload the trained model and library under cloud directory /lib, say /lib/m1Then, in backtest script, the model can be imported or loaded from self.evt.path_lib+"m1". 





2
0




 Posted on : 2021-05-30 13:43:04.279000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Publish your trading robots to create alternative income






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Publish your trading robots to create alternative income
How it work



This article following the post ALGOGENE Marketplace FAQ is to provide further information, guidelines and detailed steps for potential strategy publishers.


Who are eligible to publish strategy?
ALGOGENE Marketplace aims at providing a social trading platform to connect high calibre algo researchers with global investors. Thus, individuals and institutions are both eligible to publish your well-performed trading strategy to attract investments.

Is there any requirement for the published strategy?
There are no restriction in terms of the strategy design, trading frequency, trading products, algorithm complexity, capital usage, etc. All innovative trading ideas and strategies are welcome!
However, to ensure the quality of trading strategy for investors, there will be several performance criterias as listed below. When you submitted a trading strategy, the system will automatically evalutate whether your strategy passes all these requirements.

Annualized Return > 5%, the historical trading performance should be profitable
Maximal Drawdown < 30%, the potential portfolio loss should not be too large
Sharpe Ratio > 1, it should be a risk-return balanced strategy
Number of Trading Day > 30, a strategy with longer trading history would be more convincing
Correlation < 0.85, you cannot publish redundant strategy which has a high similarity to your already published strategies


Who is the IP owner for the published strategy?
Strategy Publisher primarily owns the Intelligence Property of their developed and published strategies. Publishing a strategy on ALGOGENE Marketplace implicitly suggests the use of a strategy's trading signals to perform subsequent trade execution for potential strategy subscribers. There might also be a chance of IP ownership transfer if a potential investor choose to buyout the trading algorithm.
On the other hand, ALGOGENE places a strong emphasis on Intelligence Property protection. When a strategy is published on the Marketplace, only the trading performance and historical transaction records may be viewable by public audience. The source code and strategy script is securely encrypted on the server, where ALGOGENE performed certain security protocol such that no one could access to the raw content except the strategy developer.

I am using your REST API for live-testing/ real-trading, can I publish my strategy?
Yes, you can! Using ALGOGENE REST API probably means that you are hosting the trading algorithms on your local machine. As discussed in 'Deploying your first Robo-Trader', all your trades executed via REST API will be real-time synchronized on ALGOGENE's web portal. Therefore, you can still follow the section below to publish your strategy.
However for such case, ALGOGENE would rely on your trading signal sent through REST API to execute for corresponding strategy subscribers. There are some considerations for you:

potential downtime of your local machine during trading hours (eg. auto-system upgrade, power cut, etc)
latency to send out the trading signal from local machine (eg. bandwidth, network congestion, etc)


How to publish a new strategy?
You can publish trading strategy that is either

a backtested strategy, or
a live-testing strategy, or
a real-trading strategy

Your strategy, once published, will be immediately available for subscription on ALGOGENE Marketplace. Besides, for 'Live-testing' or 'Real-trading' strategy, the trading performance on the marketplace will be automatically updated in a daily basis. It provides a timely and transparent result for potential investors to observe before investing on the strategy.

(A) Publish a backtested strategy
If you have already backtested some strategies on ALGOGENE Web platform, you can publish as follows:

login ALGOGENE portal, go to [My History]
select a desired backtest script, click "Publish"
write something about your strategy, and more importantly to specify your desired reward, then click "SUBMIT"

once the strategy is verified to pass all the performance criteria, your strategy will be immediately available on ALGOGENE Marketplace, and you can also check it from [My Settings]


(B) Publish a live-testing strategy
You can publish a live-testing strategy as follows:

login ALGOGENE portal
go to [Live Test] > [Account Details]
select your desired live-testing account
go to [Script], click "Publish"
write something about your strategy, and more importantly to specify your desired reward, then click "SUBMIT"

once the strategy is verified to pass all the performance criteria, your strategy will be immediately available on ALGOGENE Marketplace, and you can also check it from [My Settings]


(C) Publish a real-trading strategy
The steps to publish a real-trading strategy is similar to that for live-testing:

login ALGOGENE portal
go to [Real Trade] > [Account Details]
select your desired real-trading account
go to [Script], click "Publish"
write something about your strategy, and more importantly to specify your desired reward, then click "SUBMIT"
once the strategy is verified to pass all the performance criteria, your strategy will be immediately available on ALGOGENE Marketplace, and you can also check it from [My Settings]


Can I remove my published algo from the Marketplace in the future?
Yes, you can do it as follows:

login ALGOGENE portal
go to [Settings] > [Algo Marketplace Config]
remove a published algo


After user verification, the removed algo will no longer be available for subscription in ALGOGENE Marketplace. Any outstanding subscription on the removed algo will automatically be canceled from the next billing cycle.

Now, you know how to create an alternative income! God rewards hard work! Build and publish your trading robots first, then robot traders will work and earn for you later!







8
0




 Posted on : 2020-12-12 04:38:23.630000





 Email
 Facebook



 4,319













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to print a debug message?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Bee Bee







How to print a debug message?
Programming



The python 'print' function doesn't work on the backtest platform. Any one can help?I tried print("hello world"), but nothing shown in the 'console' session.





1
0




 Posted on : 2021-01-02 03:31:43.879000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,063










 
admin









It is a system design for computational efficiency. When you run a backtest script on the platform, the system will execute and evaluate it in a background process. Therefore, you won't be able to see the message like a usual command-line interface. However, the platform supports a python equivalent print function (i.e. self.evt.consoleLog). For your case, you can do something like self.evt.consoleLog("hello world")For more detail, you can refer to the Web API Technical Document "https://algogene.com/TechDoc#Debugging". 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-01-02 03:53:31.081000












 
Bee Bee










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
It is a system design for computational efficiency. When you run a backtest script on the platform, the system will execute and evaluate it in a background process. Therefore, you won't be able to see the message like a usual command-line interface. However, the platform supports a python equivalent print function (i.e. self.evt.consoleLog). For your case, you can do something like self.evt.consoleLog("hello world")For more detail, you can refer to the Web API Technical Document "https://algogene.com/TechDoc#Debugging". 
                                    
I think that self.evt.print("hello world") is better than self.evt.consoleLog("hello world"), because it is more consistent with the usual python print function.





1
0




 Posted on : 2021-01-08 15:00:06.005000












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Bee Bee':  
                                        I think that self.evt.print("hello world") is better than self.evt.consoleLog("hello world"), because it is more consistent with the usual python print function.
                                    
Good idea! We will take it into consideration for future release. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-01-18 10:41:57.139000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Introduction to CFD products






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Introduction to CFD products
Economy & Market



What is CFDs?
Contract for differences (CFD) is a financial contract where profit-and-loss is the direct differences between the open and closed prices of an underlying. The underlying of CFDs could be a stock, currency exchange rate, market index, future or other derivatives contract. CFDs are usually settled in cash. There is no physical delivery of goods or securities.
As CFDs only pays the price differences between the open and closed trades, it essentially allow investors to trade the direction of securities for short-term speculating, which are especially popular in FX and commodities markets.

How to trade CFDs?
CFDs allow investors to trade in the price movement of securities. In other words, CFD traders may bet on the price moving up or down. Traders who expect an upward movement in price will open a CFD buy contract, while those expecting a downward movement will open a CFD sell contract.
The net difference between the purchase price and the sale price are netted together. The net difference representing the gain or loss from the trades is settled through the investor's brokerage account. Conversely, if a trader believes a security's price will decline, an opening sell position can be placed. To close the position they must purchase an offsetting trade. Again, the net difference of the gain or loss is cash-settled through their account.
Mathematically speaking, the profit-and-loss is calculated as:
PnL = IBuySell*Quantity*(PriceClose - PriceOpen ) 



Understanding CFDs
If readers have some basic knowledge about forward, you should realise that the payoff diagrams for CFD look similar to that of a forward contract. In fact, they are similar but not exactly:


Features
CFD
Forward
Future


Counterparty
Over-the-counter
Over-the-counter
Exchanges


Settlement
Net settled at contract unwind
Net settled at expiry
Daily mark-to-market


Delivery
Cash
Cash or physical
Cash or physical


Contract Price
Fixed at contract open
Fixed at contract open
Fixed at contract open


Expiration
No expiry
With expiration date
With expiration date


Early unwind
Yes
No
Yes


Standardized Contract
Yes
No
Yes



Benefits of CFDs

There are no short selling restrictions. It is feasible for investors to enter into either a long or short position.
A CFD brokerage account usually cover CFD products of a wide range of underlying financial markets. It allow investors to trade the price movement of multi-asset class such as ETFs, FX, stock indices, and commodity futures.
Investors can receive the potential return without actually owning the underlying asset.
It can be traded with margin which can magnify the potential profits/loss.
As an OTC product, there are fewer regulation compared to standard exchanges. Thus, it has a lower deposit requirement (eg. US1,000) for opening a CFD brokerage account.


Disadvantages of CFDs

CFD trading usually involve leverage which can manify both potential profits and losses.
If the underlying experiences extreme price fluctuations, brokers might
		
increase the margin requirement for opening a new trade
widen the bid ask spread for risk management and to protect their own position


As CFD is traded over-the-counter which is not highly regulated, traders are reliant on a broker's reputation and credibility.


Examples
Suppose our brokerage account use HKD as the base currency. We also open a long position of 1 contract for S&P500 Index CFD (SPXUSD) at US$2700 with leverage 50:1, where the exchange rate for USDHKD at that time is 7.781. Also, the contract size for SPXUSD is 100. Then, for opening such an order, the margin amount will be 
margin_amt = 100*2700/50*7.781 = HK$42,017.4
It means that in our brokerage account, we should have at least HK$42,017.4 available cash balance in order to open such an order. Otherwise, the order will be rejected.
On the other hand, suppose we close the position when SPXUSD rises to US$2750 in the meantime USDHKD becomes 7.782. The profit-and-loss will then be calculated as
PnL = 100*(2750*7.782 - 2700*7.781) = HK$39,180

Conclusions
CFD trading would be a good choice for 

beginner who only has a small deposit to get start
experienced investors who want leverage and to trade on both buy/sell direction

On the other hand, due to OTC clearing and leverage features, it is also important to

choose a reputable CFD broker to reduce the counterparty risk.
manage your capital properly, and never over utilize the margin








6
0




 Posted on : 2021-01-03 01:41:42.046000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,946










 
Bee Bee









CFD sounds like a stock, except that no dividends will be paid, andshort selling is allowed





1
0




 Posted on : 2021-01-04 14:56:32.158000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to set the data interval to "full tick" ?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
user







How to set the data interval to "full tick" ?
Programming



I can only set the data interval to "one day" but I wan to activate newsdatafeed.  Can anyone help me?  Thanks.





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-01-16 07:39:19.724000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,869










 
admin









Tick data is a premium backtest feature for advanced users. With tick data, it enables you to explore high frequency trading strategies. If interested, you are welcome to upgrade at https://algogene.com/services






0
0




 Posted on : 2021-01-18 10:37:18.606000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | What is money?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







What is money?
Economy & Market



Definition
It is generally agreed by economists that money should support at least 3 key functions:

Medium of exchange: it must be generally accepted as a means of payment for goods/services exchange.
Store of value: it must hold its value over time. Like gold and other precious metals, money has worth because for most people it represents something valuable. In modern societies, it is considered to be the liability of the issuing central bank in maintaining the purchasing power of fiat money through monetary and economic policy.
Unit of account: it must be accepted as a standard measure, in terms of the value or price of goods, services, assets, liabilities, income, expenses, profits, losses, etc.

While these attributes define what money is, money should also be ease of use. Compared to the past, fiat money nowadays has a great improvement in the ease, speed, cost and safety of keeping and transferring money.

Commodity Money
Commodity money has a unique feature in that the value we derive from the commodity is based on the utility or beauty of tokens as goods. The exchange of commodity money is similar to bartering, but it is different in that a single value is placed on the commodity, that is recognized by all. Examples of commodities that had been used in history include gold, silver, oil, salt, peppercorns, tea, beaver pelts, tobacco, etc.
Some commodity money such as gold mostly fits into the above money definition. They were widely desired, valuable, and also durable, portable, and easily stored. Thus, it had been accepted to function as a currency in both Eastern and Western Countries in the past, especially during wars time in which the mainstream “money” is no longer trustworthy or usable.

Gold as a Commodity Money
An interesting thing is that, gold is purely precious, it has no consumption use and it is not necessarily useful. It is not eatable, it can't produce energy, and our civilization can even be sustainable without gold! Majority of people just think that gold looks beautiful, and they know others also think so. Thus, the value of gold mostly comes from people's perceptions.
However, the biggest difference in gold versus other commodities is that gold is never used up like oil or tobacco. Once the gold is found and mined, it stays in our existence.
U.S. based its monetary system on the gold standard until the 1970s. Back in the day of the gold reserve, the money was printed out in a paper form that could be redeemed for a fixed amount of gold or silver.


Fiat money
Fiat money is government-issued currency, in which its value is derived from the relationship between global supply and demand and the stability of the issuing government, instead of backed by or "pegged" to any tangible value or commodity reserves.
Most of the paper currencies nowadays are fiat currencies. For flat currencies to be successfully adopted by other countries, the nation must control both counterfeiting and management of monetary supply.


Comparing Commodity Money and Fiat money

Inflation - commodity money is based on physical goods (eg. gold), the government cannot create more whenever they want to, thus lessening inflation. 
Perishability – commodity money such as oil can devalue over time. They have a shelf life and its supply is limited. Once it is consumed, the remaining amount become less and thus lesser liquidity. In contrast, fiat money has no shelf life, other than the degrading of the real money as it is used through the system.
Intrinsic Value – commodity money have an intrinsic value based on their physical properties such as gold and oil, while fiat money is only backed by the full faith of the issuing government.
Feasibility - fiat money allows the central banks to print or hold money to help control the money supply, inflation, interest rates, and liquidity. It could help to smooth out the business cycles and avoid the busts of credit cycles, such as financial tsunami in 2008.
Expansion – fiat money can creates liquidity to stimulate faster economic growth due to the ability of government manipulation, while Commodity money grow slower, thus leading to slower expansion.


Final Thoughts
For whatever kind of money, it will only have value as long as people recognize, believe and accept that it has value.
From 2008 subprime crisis, European debt crisis in 2010s, to the recent Covid-19 pandemic, the over-use of quantitative easing and other monetary stimulation measures has exposed our fiat monetary system by forcing the central banks to pour out its money to keep the country and economy survive. It has been critised that it already created so much money and liquidity!
The increase in the creation of money has also led to an increased interest in cryptocurrencies as an alternative to fiat currencies. It will be further discussed in the coming post.






3
0




 Posted on : 2021-01-28 13:43:48.534000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,946










 
Bee Bee









Digital payment is another big category nowadays. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-01-31 02:10:46.227000












 
tony lam










Original Posted by - b'Bee Bee':  
                                        Digital payment is another big category nowadays. 
                                    
@BeeBee, my personal view is that digital payment itself is not money. It is just another form of book keeping!Suppose you have HK$ 1000 in a bank account. No matter how you circulate in the banking system, from bank's perspective, it is still recognized as HK$ 1000 or equivalence. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-02-23 14:59:34.464000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Are Cryptos currency?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Are Cryptos currency?
Economy & Market



In the past few years, different forms of "crypto-currencies" such as Bitcoin and Litecoin, have emerged in the financial market. These cryptos usually have the following properties:

deploy the Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT),
have a limited amount of issuance based on "mining" by participants,
can be transferred and traded online between participants without a central clearing agent

It has been argued that "crypto-currencies" would disrupt the traditional fiat money, especially when some central banks issue enormous amount of fiat money via quantitative easing. Will "crypto-currencies" become an alternative form of money in the future?

While it is true that "crypto-currencies" such as Bitcoin have attracted many investors and speculators around the world who own and trade them, it is very different from such "crypto-currencies" being accepted as a form of "money". To answer this, let's look at the benchmarks discussed in a pervious post.

Medium of exchange
Store of value
Unit of account


Medium of Exchange
So far, "crypto-currencies" are not readily accepted as a medium of exchange! Despite some popular U.S. companies (eg. Microsoft, AT&T) started accepting Bitcoin payment, there is still lack of evidence showing that "crypto-currencies" are widely used as a medium of exchange in the purchase of goods or services in a large scale.
In fact, Bitcoin is an inefficient means of payment for the following reasons:

As Bitcoin operates in a decentralised network, each transaction needs to be validated by solving a complicated math problem using specialised computers (i.e. so-called mining). It consumes considerable time and electricity to complete a transaction. The average transaction time is currently about 10-20 minutes, while it can take more than an hour during periods of high network traffic.

Transaction fee is also high and volatile from time to time. The fee is to compense and incentivize miners for the time, effort, and resources that they put in to validate the unconfirmed transactions. CNBC reported in December 2017 that users were paying US$28 on an average to transact using Bitcoin. In contrast, electronic payments using commercial bank balances, typically take a few seconds and cost a fraction of the transaction fees in Bitcoin transfers.


Store of Value
Cryptocurrency has no intrinsic value, and there is no institution or institution to support its value or purchasing power. Their prices and values are determined only by the forces of supply and demand at the time, which fluctuate sharply depending on the appetite of the participants.
Indeed, in some countries, the value or purchasing power of their currency also has great volatility. However, it should be noticed that such fluctuations usually occur in times of crisis or in jurisdictions with bad macroeconomic, fiscal or monetary discipline. But for Bitcoin and most other cryptocurrencies, their volatility seems to be structural, and the market dynamics that determine their price or value are quite opaque and difficult to discern.
Due to the high volatility in value, the acceptance of cryptocurrency as a store of value or a means of exchanging goods and services brings huge risks to all parties.

Unit of Account
With very high volatility and limited use as a means of payment, it is unlikely that societies would adopt "crypto-currencies" as a unit of account in the near future.

Conclusion
Based on the analysis above, "crypto-currencies" are not qualified to be money or currencies!
Moreover, unlike other forms of electronic money using bank balances, "crypto-currencies" are not scalable! The technical design of "crypto-currencies", for example Bitcoin, is such that the transaction time and costs would go up if more people use or transfer them. This would actually undermines its prospect of gaining moneyness over time.
If such technical bottleneck is not resolved, it is unlikely for "crypto-currencies" to be adopted for large scale use. Therefore, we call them crypto-assets instead of “crypto-currencies” for the rest of this article.


Challenges to Regulators
Here highlights some of the challenges/blockers for supervisors and policy makers to accept crypto-assets.

Financial Stability: According to Financial Stability Board (FSB), the current crypto-assets do not pose a material risk to global financial stability given the relatively small size of the market. However, closely monitor is necessary in view of the speed of developments and data gaps.
Illegal Activities: Many crypto-assets are designed in way that anonymous email accounts can be used for trading and transfers without a central clearing agent, they effectively bypass the existing regime in combatting money laundering, terrorist financing and other illicit activities. The ease with which crypto-assets can be transferred across national borders has made it even more attractive to criminals in laundering their proceeds and income. It is difficult for banks and other regulated financial institutions to comply with the supervisory requirements in respect of know-your-customer (KYC) or ascertaining the source of funds.
Market Integrity: As most of crypto-assets are traded in unregulated online platforms, there are significant gaps in data collection and investor protection. The security or integrity of some of the trading platforms is also in doubt given the number of cyber incidents that have led to significant losses of the investors.


Final Thoughts
Notwithstanding what mentioned above, we should not rule out one day new technology emerges in such a way that would address the regulatory concerns that are present in the current generation of crypto-assets. However, in adopting new technology and innovation, we must also guard against the risk of overlooking the nature of the financial transactions and the risks that are inherent.
We just need to keep an open mind and stand ready to learn and adapt to new technology and trends.






1
0




 Posted on : 2021-02-23 14:31:46.995000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,237













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect Trading Account with Interactive Brokers






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect Trading Account with Interactive Brokers
How it work



In connection with Interactive Brokers, users can now trade with IB accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!


This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your Interactive Brokers (IB) trading account (either demo account or real trading account). The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who is IB?
Interactive Brokers LLC (IB) is a brokerage firm headquartered in the United States, with 40+ years history. It operates the largest electronic trading platform in the U.S. by number of daily average revenue trades. The company brokers stocks, options, futures, futures options, forex, bonds, and funds. It is a current NASDAQ listed company (symbol: IBKR) and a composite of S&P 400 Component, with global operations in 14 countries.

Open IB Account
In case you do not have an IB account, you can firstly open one from Interactive Brokers Official Website.

Create sub-account on IB
You are advise to create sub-account to manage different trading strategies.

Login IB portal, click "Manage Account" under settings


Click "Open an Additional Account"


Follow the instructions for sub-account creation


After that, it will take a few days for IB to approve the new sub-account.



Create a separate user on IB
By creating a separate user login, it allows you to have simultaneous access to your trading account from different devices (eg. mobile, website, etc).

Login IB portal, click "Manage Account" under settings


Under "Users & Access Rights", click "Configure"


Add new user


Create new user's credentials


Enable data access for the new user




Login IB protal with the new user and password to confirm



Update Account Type on IB
By default, your IB account type is in "Cash". You are recommended to change to "margin" type to enable advanced securities trading. (eg. FX, Future, Options, CFD, etc)

After login IB portal, click 'Settings'


Then, click 'Account Type'


Update to 'Margin'



Create IB Paper Trading Account
If you don't have IB paper trading account, you can create as follows:

login IB portal using your real account login
in top right corner, click settings


click "Paper Trading Account" and then create the demo account login



Authenticate with ALGOGENE

login ALGOGENE portal
Under [Settings], go to [Trade Account], then [Live Demo] or [Real Trade] depending on your case
choose a desired ALGOGENE account for connection configuration
select "Interactive Brokers" in the available broker list


You will then be redirected to IB's login panel


If you are linking with an ALGOGENE Real Trade account, login with "Live", otherwise login with "Paper".
Then, you will be asked to electronically sign to autheticate the connection


After that, you will be redirected back to ALGOGENE, and you account is ready to trade!



Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with Interactive Brokers.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your IB linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"


Go to [Setting] > [Algo Market] > [My Subscribed Algo Strategy], you should see your subscribed Algo is active in trading for you. You have the feasibility to "Stop copy trade" and "Start copy trade" at any time.



Demo Video




Happy Trading! :)






9
0




 Posted on : 2021-03-13 06:11:48.254000





 Email
 Facebook



 7,039










 
Gupta









what is the advantage over TWS?





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-03-15 13:31:56.015000












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Gupta':  
                                        what is the advantage over TWS?
                                    
Some of the benefits included, but not limited to:your algo program are cloud-hosted over ALGOGENE => no client side hardware maintenancefree market data feed => cost saving from separate IB's data purchaseyou can directly deploy a backtested strategy to IB trading account => largely speed up your trading algorithm R&D process





1
0




 Posted on : 2021-03-18 09:12:14.697000












 
Gupta










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
Some of the benefits included, but not limited to:your algo program are cloud-hosted over ALGOGENE => no client side hardware maintenancefree market data feed => cost saving from separate IB's data purchaseyou can directly deploy a backtested strategy to IB trading account => largely speed up your trading algorithm R&D process

How about the execution speed?





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-03-20 06:45:24.257000












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Gupta':  
                                        How about the execution speed?
                                    
As a technology partner with IB, there is a dedicated trading gateway for data exchange. From IB's server side, it would be a separate order queue compared to other submission channels. (eg. TWS)Thus, it is likely to be faster to execute via ALGOGENE. 





1
0




 Posted on : 2021-03-22 15:17:03.954000












 
Bee Bee










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
Some of the benefits included, but not limited to:your algo program are cloud-hosted over ALGOGENE => no client side hardware maintenancefree market data feed => cost saving from separate IB's data purchaseyou can directly deploy a backtested strategy to IB trading account => largely speed up your trading algorithm R&D process

It is really a good alternative for TWS. :)My IB sale always refers me to use TWS gateway for algo trading, which is said to be a lightweight software for normal PC. However, my experience is that, the gateway can sometimes use up to 500MB - 1GB memory. My PC sometimes hangs and I can't use it when my algo program and TWS are running, 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-04-17 04:45:57.482000












 
Nezuko









For TWS, it requires users to re-login every day. Do I need to do the same thing using your IB connection? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-03-15 10:33:38.419000












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Nezuko':  
                                        For TWS, it requires users to re-login every day. Do I need to do the same thing using your IB connection? 

Unlike TWS, the login session established using our trading gateway is long lasting. It means that you don't need to frequently authenticate the IB login. The login session once established, it can normally be used for over 3-6 months. However, for sometimes when IB reset database, the login session will become invalid. For such case, you will receive our notification email and need to authenticate following the same procedures above. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-03-17 11:18:10.902000












 
Maurice Ng









Very detailed guide! Thanks you!





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-14 04:03:34.034000












 
admin









For those who are looking for leveraged FX trading on IB, please further setup as follows:

Login IB portal, go to "Settings" 


Click "Trading Permissions"


Click "Add/Edit" for "Currency/Forex"


Click to enable "Leveraged Forex"


The request will be effective in 24 hours







0
0




 Posted on : 2023-09-19 05:00:53.275461















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guideline to backtest with custom datasets






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guideline to backtest with custom datasets
Programming




New features
For more feasibility of our platform, ALGOGENE now supports new features: 

import multiple custom data files
specify user-defined file formats
include user data for backtest

This article provides a stepwise example to demonstrate how to perform these tasks on ALGOGENE platform.

Data Preparation
Suppose we are interested to conduct research on several stocks that are currently not available on ALGOGENE. We downloaded the market data from Yahoo Finance.
For example, we downloaded the daily prices of 2020 for

0005.HK, the stock price of HSBC listed on HKEx (https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/0005.HK/history?p=0005.HK)
0939.HK, the stock price of China Construction Bank listed on HKEx (https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/0939.HK/history?p=0005.HK)

The downloaded files from Yahoo Finance are in csv format. When we open the files using Notepad or other plain text editors, we can see the data structure as follows:
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10Date,Open,High,Low,Close,Adj Close,Volume
2020-01-02,60.849998,60.950001,60.599998,60.900002,60.479397,14629077
2020-01-03,60.900002,61.200001,60.250000,60.400002,59.982849,14419537
2020-01-06,60.099998,60.400002,59.799999,60.000000,59.585613,13809308
2020-01-07,60.200001,60.299999,59.799999,59.900002,59.486305,8818594
2020-01-08,59.299999,59.400002,58.849998,59.299999,58.890450,16826669
2020-01-09,59.549999,59.900002,59.549999,59.849998,59.436649,17802374
2020-01-10,59.950001,60.049999,59.750000,59.849998,59.436649,19011475
2020-01-13,59.500000,60.299999,59.500000,59.950001,59.535961,40492594
...


 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10Date,Open,High,Low,Close,Adj Close,Volume
2020-01-02,6.730000,6.830000,6.730000,6.800000,6.420695,239292513
2020-01-03,6.830000,6.850000,6.720000,6.720000,6.345157,277420033
2020-01-06,6.700000,6.710000,6.580000,6.650000,6.279061,260518248
2020-01-07,6.640000,6.700000,6.600000,6.610000,6.241293,204806676
2020-01-08,6.540000,6.590000,6.480000,6.560000,6.194082,267421237
2020-01-09,6.650000,6.710000,6.600000,6.670000,6.297946,215859440
2020-01-10,6.730000,6.750000,6.680000,6.720000,6.345157,223748680
2020-01-13,6.740000,6.830000,6.740000,6.800000,6.420695,481124394
...


As we can see, the files contains 7 columns in total and structured below.



Column Index
Column Name
Data Type


0
Date
in format of YYYY-MM-DD


1
Open
float


2
High
float


3
Low
float


4
Close
float


5
Adj Close
float


6
Volume
integer




Data Import
Now, let's import our data files as follows:

After login the portal, go to [My History] > [Custom File Viewer]
Select '/data' directory, then upload data files


We can then 'Edit' to view the uploaded content


Now, we need to create a meta file '_meta_.json' to instruct the system how to process the data files.

'_meta_.json' is in JSON format where we can specify the instrument name in the first key

in this example, we label them as '0005.HK' and '0939.HK' respectively
it should be noticed that our specified name has to be distinct from ALGOGENE's existing instruments. Otherwise, the system will skip processing our data files.

the second key of '_meta_.json' should contain the following

'file': the file name on the cloud directory
'file_delimiter': the file delimiter used in a data file
'period_start': the starting date of a data file, in the format of YYYY-MM-DD
'period_end': the end date of a data file, in the format of YYYY-MM-DD
'settleCurrency': the settlement currency of the instrument (it is HKD in our example)
'contractSize': the number of share per each lot of the instrument
'fmt_time': specified the date format in a data file, in Python date encoding

%Y: the year in four-digit format, eg. "2018"
%y: the year in two-digit format, that is, without the century. For example, "18" instead of "2018"
%m: the month in 2-digit format, from 01 to 12
%b: the first three characters of the month name. eg. "Sep"
%d: day of the month, from 1 to 31
%H: the hour, from 0 to 23
%M: the minute, from 00 to 59
%S: the second, from 00 to 59
%f: the microsecond from 000000 to 999999
%Z: the timezone
%z: UTC offset
%j: the number of the day in the year, from 001 to 366
%W: the week number of the year, from 00 to 53, with Monday being counted as the first day of the week
%U: the week number of the year, from 00 to 53, with Sunday counted as the first day of each week
%a: the first three characters of the weekday, e.g. Wed
%A: the full name of the weekday, e.g. Wednesday
%B: the full name of the month, e.g. September
%w: the weekday as a number, from 0 to 6, with Sunday being 0
%p: AM/PM for time

'col_time': the column position of data date (first column index = 0)
'col_open': the column position of open price (first column index = 0)
'col_high': the column position of high price (first column index = 0)
'col_low': the column position of low price (first column index = 0)
'col_close': the column position of closing price (first column index = 0)
'col_volume': the column position of volume (first column index = 0)





The sample meta file used in the example can be copied here:
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32{
   "0005.HK": {
       "file": "0005.HK.csv",
       "file_delimiter": ",",
       "period_start": "2020-01-01",
       "period_end": "2020-12-31",
       "settleCurrency": "HKD",
       "contractSize": 400,
       "fmt_time": "%Y-%m-%d",
       "col_time": 0,
       "col_open": 1,
       "col_high": 2,
       "col_low": 3,
       "col_close": 5,
       "col_volume": 6
   },
   "0939.HK": {
       "file": "0939.HK.csv",
       "file_delimiter": ",",
       "period_start": "2020-01-01",
       "period_end": "2020-12-31",
       "settleCurrency": "HKD",
       "contractSize": 1000,
       "fmt_time": "%Y-%m-%d",
       "col_time": 0,
       "col_open": 1,
       "col_high": 2,
       "col_low": 3,
       "col_close": 5,
       "col_volume": 6
   }
}


Backtest
After we properly setup the '_meta_.json', we can then include our custom instruments for backtest.

Go to [Backtest] > [Setting]

Select '0005.HK' and '0939.HK' in the instrument panel 
'Start Period' and 'End Period' set to '2020-01' and '2020-12' respectively
'Initial Capital' set to 1,000,000
'Base Currency' set to 'HKD'


In our example '0005.HK' and '0939.HK', the 2 stocks are both in banking sector. Suppose we found that the 2 companies are correlated and therefore we try to test a pair trading strategy on them! A simple trading idea is as follows:

Based on a sliding window approach to collect the last 5 closing price
Fit a simple linear regression model without intercept Y = b*X for the 2 series
if residual > certain level of the stadard error, buy 1 lot of X and sell b lot of Y
if residual < -1* certain level of the stadard error, sell 1 lot of X and buy b lot of Y
for any opened pair, close the position 5 day later

The full source code can be referred below:
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import statsmodels.api as sm

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.lasttradetime = datetime(2000,1,1)
        self.orderPairCnt = 0 
        self.arrSize = 5
        self.arr_closeY = []
        self.arr_closeX = []

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.myinstrument_Y = mEvt['subscribeList'][0]
        self.myinstrument_X = mEvt['subscribeList'][1]
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()

    def on_bulkdatafeed(self, isSync, bd, ab):
        if isSync:
            # check condition for open position
            if bd[self.myinstrument_Y]['timestamp'] >= self.lasttradetime + timedelta(hours=24):
                self.lasttradetime = bd[self.myinstrument_Y]['timestamp']
                # collect observations
                self.arr_closeY.append(bd[self.myinstrument_Y]['lastPrice'])
                self.arr_closeX.append(bd[self.myinstrument_X]['lastPrice'])
                # kick out the oldest observation if array size is too long
                if len(self.arr_closeY)>self.arrSize:
                    self.arr_closeY = self.arr_closeY[-self.arrSize:]
                if len(self.arr_closeX)>self.arrSize:
                    self.arr_closeX = self.arr_closeX[-self.arrSize:]
                # fit linear regression
                Y = self.arr_closeY
                X = self.arr_closeX
                #X = sm.add_constant(X)   #add this line if you want to include intercept in the regression
                model = sm.OLS(Y, X)
                results = model.fit()
                self.evt.consoleLog(results.summary())
                coeff_b, tvalue, mse = results.params[-1], results.tvalues, results.mse_resid
                # compute current residual, e = Y - b*X
                diff = self.arr_closeY[-1] - coeff_b*self.arr_closeX[-1]
                
                if diff>0.1*mse:  # regard Y as overpriced, X as underpriced
                    self.orderPairCnt += 1
                    self.openOrder(-1, self.myinstrument_Y, self.orderPairCnt, 1)  #short Y
                    if coeff_b>0:
                        self.openOrder(1, self.myinstrument_X, self.orderPairCnt, abs(round(coeff_b,2)))   #long X
                    else:
                        self.openOrder(-1, self.myinstrument_X, self.orderPairCnt, abs(round(coeff_b,2)))   #short X
                elif diff<-0.1*mse:  # regard Y as underpriced, X as overpriced
                    self.orderPairCnt += 1
                    self.openOrder(1, self.myinstrument_Y, self.orderPairCnt, 1)  #long Y
                    if coeff_b>0:
                        self.openOrder(-1, self.myinstrument_X, self.orderPairCnt, abs(round(coeff_b,2)))   #short X
                    else:
                        self.openOrder(1, self.myinstrument_X, self.orderPairCnt, abs(round(coeff_b,2)))   #long X

    def openOrder(self, buysell, instrument, orderRef, volume):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject()
        order.instrument = instrument
        order.orderRef = orderRef
        order.volume = volume
        order.openclose = 'open'
        order.buysell = buysell
        order.ordertype = 0 #0=market_order, 1=limit_order
        order.holdtime = self.arrSize*24*60*60 #unit in second
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        pass

    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        pass

    def on_dailyPLfeed(self, pl):
        pass

    def on_openPositionfeed(self, op, oo, uo):
        pass


The backtest result can be generated as usual.


Demo Video




Now, you learnt how to plugin your own data files on the platform. Try backtest with a custom dataset today! Happy Trading!







8
0




 Posted on : 2021-04-02 01:23:38.590000





 Email
 Facebook



 3,214










 
Bee Bee









Is it correct that my uploaded data need to contains all columns for 'time', 'open', 'high', 'low', 'close', 'volume'?What if my dataset only has the timestamp and the closing price, can I still use it for backtest?  





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-04-17 04:50:30.413000












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Bee Bee':  
                                        Is it correct that my uploaded data need to contains all columns for 'time', 'open', 'high', 'low', 'close', 'volume'?What if my dataset only has the timestamp and the closing price, can I still use it for backtest?  

All these columns are required. In case your data file doesn't contain some of the fields , for example, you only have 'timestamp', 'closing price', and 'volume', which located at column 0,1,2 respectively. You can set  it as below. Then, the engine will fill in all 'open', 'high', 'low', 'close' with column 1 in your data file.          "col_time": 0,

       "col_open": 1,

       "col_high": 1,

       "col_low": 1,

       "col_close": 1,

       "col_volume": 2





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-04-30 11:11:33.319000












 
Jeremy









Does this import function also support other non-market data? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-06-19 01:20:37.587000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Understand Order Matching






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Understand Order Matching
Economy & Market



The article discusses the importance of an order book, and how trade orders are matched during Continous Trading Session (CTS) and Closing Auction Session (CAS), and the algorithm generally adopted by exchanges for determining the Indicative Equilibrium Price (IEP).

What is an order book?
An order book refers to a list of outstanding buy and sell orders for a financial instrument. An order to buy is called a "bid" while an order to sell is called an "ask". The list presents the number of shares being bid on or offered at each price point. These lists help improve market transparency to

provide market depth information (also called 'Level 2 data')
identify the market participants behind the buy and sell orders (some exchanges keep it anonymous)


Market Practice
In most of the trading systems, order books are usually presented as follows.
1. Top of the Book
The order book is separated into bid-book and ask-book, where bid orders are sorted in descending of price while ask orders are sorted ascendingly. The highest bid and the lowest ask are referred to "the top of the book". The difference between the highest bid and the lowest ask is called the "bid–ask spread".


2. Order Ledger
The order book is listed in a sorted price ledger, which can be ascending or descending. The longer the price ledger is, the more liquidity an instrument provides. It is also called "market depth".


3. Cummulative Order Book
For each of the bid and ask book, order size accumulates from the top of the book. In visual presentation, the cummulative area provides insights about market supply and demand. For example, if the area of the cummulative bid book is much larger than that of the ask book, it implies more demand in current market.


Order Types
Most exchanges/brokers support at least these 2 order types:

Market Order: 
		
A market order will buy or sell a security immediately when market is open.
This type of order guarantees that the order will be executed, but does not guarantee the execution price.
A market order generally will execute at or near the current bid (for a sell order) or ask (for a buy order) price.


Limit Order: 
		
A limit order allow matching only at the specified price.
The sell order input price cannot be made at a price below the best bid price, whereas the buy order input price cannot be made at a price above the best ask price.
Any outstanding limit order will be put in the price queue of the input price.
An order book is mainly contructed by Limit Orders




Order Matching in Continuous Trading Session (CTS)
Suppose the original order book of a particular stock is:




Price
Volume
Price
Volume




Bid
Ask

$30100,000$30.0580,000
$29.9590,000$30.170,000
$29.980,000$30.15160,000
$29.8560,000$30.250,000
$29.8180,000$30.2560,000
$29.7534,000$30.350,000
$29.7100,000$30.3540,000
$29.65150,000$30.445,000
$29.618,000$30.4525,000
$29.5536,000$30.570,000
$29.5200,000$30.5580,000
$29.45150,000$30.655,000
$29.450,000$30.6550,000
$29.3520,000$30.725,000



A trader submit a limit order to buy 500,000 shares at $30.50. Then, the executed trades would be:


80,000@ 30.05
70,000@ 30.10
160,000@ 30.15
50,000@ 30.20
60,000@ 30.25
50,000@ 30.30
30,000@ 30.35


Also, the order book after execution becomes:




Price
Volume
Price
Volume




Bid
Ask

$30100,000$30.3510,000
$29.9590,000$30.445,000
$29.980,000$30.4525,000
$29.8560,000$30.570,000
$29.8180,000$30.5580,000
$29.7534,000$30.655,000
$29.7100,000$30.6550,000
$29.65150,000$30.725,000
$29.618,000$30.7520,000
$29.5536,000$30.870,000
$29.5200,000$30.8520,000
$29.45150,000$30.910,000
$29.450,000$30.9570,000
$29.3520,000$3115,000




Order Matching in Pre-opening Session and Closing Auction Session (CAS)
Before market opens (or right after market closes), traders can start input orders during the order input period. An Indicative Equilibrium Price (IEP) refers to the reference price for potential order matching during such periods. IEP does not necessarily exists if there is no cross book. If IEP exists, it is determined following these criterias:

maximum of tradeable quantity
minimum of normal order imbalance
depending on order imbalance direction
cloest to the last nominal price at the end of the continuous trading session


i. Maximum of Tradeable Quantity
Orders can be inputed during the Order Input Period. The order book closes at the commencement of Order Matching Period and traders will not able to input, modify or cancel any order. Suppose the order book at the commencement of order matching period shows:




Trader
Input Time
Quantity
Price
Price
Quantity
Input Time
Trader




Bid
Ask

I16:092000At-auctionAt-auction100016:08H
A16:0620024.0523.9540016:07D
B16:051000242460016:06E
C16:0140023.9524.0540016:03F
24.0540016:05G



The highest bid price of the buy at-auction limit orders is equal to or higher than the lowest ask price of the sell at-auction limit orders (i.e. the order book is crossed). IEP shall be one of the bid prices or ask prices at which the aggregate size of the trades is maximised.




Price
Aggregate Bid Quantity
Aggregate Ask Quantity
Tradeable Quantity



24.05220028002200
24320020002000
23.95360014001400



Therefore, $24.05 is taken as final IEP and the following trades are concluded.




Trader on Bid Side
Trade Quantity
Trader on Ask Side



I1,000@$24.05H
I400@$24.05D
I600@$24.05E
A200@$24.05F




ii. Minimum of Normal Order Imbalance
Suppose the order book at the commencement of order matching period shows:




Trader
Input Time
Quantity
Price
Price
Quantity
Input Time
Trader




Bid
Ask

A16:0750003.22At-auction2000016:09E
B16:0450003.213.19500016:06F
C16:02150003.23.2500016:04G
D16:02100003.193.21500016:05H
00:003.221000016:01I








Price
Aggregate Bid Quantity
Aggregate Ask Quantity
Tradeable Quantity
Normal Order Imbalance



3.22500045000500040000
3.2110000350001000025000
3.22500030000250005000
3.1935000250002500010000



This example has more than one price with the maximum tradeable quantity. The second criteria applied. Hence, $3.20 is taken as the IEP as it offers the maximum tradeable quantity and minimum order imbalance.

iii. Order Imbalance Direction
Suppose the order book at the commencement of order matching period shows:




Trader
Input Time
Quantity
Price
Price
Quantity
Input Time
Trader




Bid
Ask

A16:015000At-auctionAt-auction5000016:07F
B16:02150003.213.175500016:06G
C16:03150003.23.193500016:05H
D16:03200003.193.25000016:03I
E16:03100003.183.223500016:01J








Price
Aggregate Bid Quantity
Aggregate Ask Quantity
Tradeable Quantity
Normal Order Imbalance



3.212000019000020000170000
3.23500019000035000155000
3.19550001400005500085000
3.18650001050006500040000
3.17650001050006500040000



In this example, as there is more than one price which generates the maximum tradeable quantity and minimum order imbalance, the third criterion applied which looks at the direction of normal order imbalance at such prices. Since the normal order imbalance at both $3.18 and $3.17 is on the ask side, it means that there is a greater supply than demand. Hence, the algorithm will choose the lower price (ie $3.17) as the IEP.

iv. Closest to the last nominal price at the end of the CTS
Suppose the order book at the commencement of order matching period shows:




Trader
Input Time
Quantity
Price
Price
Quantity
Input Time
Trader




Bid
Ask

A16:095000At-auctionAt-auction1500016:03G
B16:0750003.223.172000016:06H
C16:07150003.213.18500016:05I
D16:03100003.23.19500016:01J
E16:0150003.193.21000016:01K
F16:0250003.183.21500016:04L








Price
Aggregate Bid Quantity
Aggregate Ask Quantity
Tradeable Quantity
Normal Order Imbalance



3.2210000600001000050000
3.2125000600002500035000
3.235000550003500020000
3.194000045000400005000
3.184500040000400005000
3.1745000350003500010000



In this example, there is still no conclusion following the criteria (i) to (iii). Hence, the algorithm continues to choose the price which is the closest to the last nominal price at the end of the continuous trading session.
$3.19 will be selected as the IEP if the last nominal price is equal to or higher than $3.19. On the other hand, if the last nominal price is less than or equal to $3.18, IEP will be $3.18.

Conclusion
After reading this article, you should have more understanding about how order matching works in exchanges. Analyzing the micro structures and changes in order book might provides useful insights about the short term trend. These trading strategies will be discussed in the coming posts!








2
0




 Posted on : 2021-05-01 04:36:36.131000





 Email
 Facebook



 4,118










 
Gupta









As a retail investor, I never thought about how exchanges perform order matching. It's quite interesting to know the mechanism behind! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-11 06:32:16.630000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Technical Indicator - Relative Strength Index (RSI)






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
tony lam







Technical Indicator - Relative Strength Index (RSI)
Quantitative Model



What is Relative Strength Index?
The relative strength index (RSI) is a technical indicator for financial market analysis. By measuring the magnitude of recent price changes, it evaluates the over-bought or over-sold conditions of a stock or other financial instruments.
RSI is classified as a momentum oscillator, where.

Momentum refers to the rate of the rise or fall in price
Oscillator means its value always moves between two extremes (i.e 0 to 100 for RSI)

The relative strength index was originally developed by J. Welles Wilder and published in a 1978 book, "New Concepts in Technical Trading Systems". Nowadays, it has become one of the most popular oscillator indicators in technical analysis.

Calculation
First, we defined 2 series {Ut} and {Dt} representing the upward and downward price changes respectively. For t = 1,2,3,...
If Closet - Closet-1 >= 0,


Ut = Closet - Closet-1
Dt = 0


If Closet - Closet-1 < 0,


Ut = 0
Dt = Closet-1 - Closet


Now, an averaging function AVG(.) is applied to {Ut} and {Dt} to derive the n-period average. There are 2 commonly used averaging functions:

Simple Moving Average (SMA) - a rolling mean on the past n observations.


SMAt = (Xt + Xt-1 + ... + Xt-n+1) / n


Exponential Moving Average (EMA) - all historical observations are exponentially weighted


EMAt = Xt * α + EMAt-1 * (1-α), where α = 1 / n



The ratio of these averages is the relative strength:
RS = AVG(U,n) / AVG(D,n)
The relative strength index is then computed as:
RSI = 100 - 100/(1 + RS)

Interpretation
An RSI reading of 70 or above is usually interpreted as a financial instrument is becoming overbought or overvalued, which may indicate a trend reversal or corrective pullback in price in the near future. An RSI reading of 30 or below could be interpreted as an oversold or undervalued condition.
As seen from above formula, if a stock keep rising, we will get a zero sequence of {Dt}. Hence AVG(D,n) will be zero and the RS value will approach infinity, so that the resulting RSI will approach 100. As a result, this stock is said to be overbought.

RSI Implementation
There is a technical analysis python package 'ta-lib' that provides the RSI computation.
1
2
3import talib
_in = [...]
_out = talib.RSI(_in, _n)


On the other hand, as the RSI computation is not too complicated, it is also a good exercise to implement the code on our own.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30def RSI(data, n, isEMA=True):
    m = len(data)-1
    k = 1/float(n)
    RSI = [None]*m
    # error handling for insufficient data
    if m<n:
        return RSI
    # compute 1 step price difference
    delta = [data[i+1]-data[i] for i in range(0,m)]
    # create the positive gains (up) and negative gains (down) series
    gain = [abs(i) if i>0 else 0 for i in delta]
    loss = [abs(i) if i<0 else 0 for i in delta]
    avg_gain = sum(gain[0:n])/float(n)
    avg_loss = sum(loss[0:n])/float(n)
    
    for i in range(n,m):
        # Exponential Moving Average
        if isEMA:
            avg_gain = gain[i]*k + avg_gain*(1-k)
            avg_loss = loss[i]*k + avg_loss*(1-k)
        # Simple Moving Average
        else:
            avg_gain = (avg_gain*n - gain[i-n] + gain[i])*k
            avg_loss = (avg_loss*n - loss[i-n] + loss[i])*k
        # calculate RSI value
        if avg_loss==0:
            RSI[i] = 100.0
        else:
            RSI[i] = 100.0 - (100.0 / (1.0 + avg_gain/avg_loss))
    return RSI


Example
Suppose we have 100 observations of daily closing prices, and we are interested in calculating a 14-day RSI.

10, 10.1, 9.92, 9.89, 9.19, 8.5, 8.96, 8.04, 7.67, 8.6, 8.72, 9.14, 10.03, 10.79, 11.39, 11.71, 11.1, 12.05, 11.21, 11.5, 12, 12.53, 12.59, 13.53, 12.87, 13.27, 13.72, 13.3, 13.88, 14.17, 14.77, 14.15, 13.75, 14.51, 13.57, 12.57, 13.02, 13.21, 12.41, 12.28, 11.41, 12, 11, 10.81, 10.07, 9.9, 9.77, 10.48, 11.38, 10.46, 10.28, 10.3, 10.78, 11.49, 12.27, 12.59, 12.74, 12.08, 11.19, 12.07, 13, 13.87, 13.15, 12.91, 13.19, 13.17, 12.24, 12.35, 12.43, 12.75, 11.97, 12.93, 13.73, 13.33, 13.74, 13.54, 14.23, 13.41, 12.52, 13.34, 14.06, 14, 13.83, 14.32, 15.18, 15.08, 14.86, 13.99, 13.48, 12.89, 13.17, 14.16, 13.5, 13.27, 13.62, 13.69, 13.4, 12.74, 13.09, 13.96

 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68%matplotlib inline
import numpy as np
from matplotlib import pyplot as plt
import talib

period = 14
obs = [10, 10.1, 9.92, 9.89, 9.19, 8.5, 8.96, 8.04, 7.67, 8.6, \
        8.72, 9.14, 10.03, 10.79, 11.39, 11.71, 11.1, 12.05, 11.21, 11.5, \
        12, 12.53, 12.59, 13.53, 12.87, 13.27, 13.72, 13.3, 13.88, 14.17, \
        14.77, 14.15, 13.75, 14.51, 13.57, 12.57, 13.02, 13.21, 12.41, 12.28, \
        11.41, 12, 11, 10.81, 10.07, 9.9, 9.77, 10.48, 11.38, 10.46, \
        10.28, 10.3, 10.78, 11.49, 12.27, 12.59, 12.74, 12.08, 11.19, 12.07, \
        13, 13.87, 13.15, 12.91, 13.19, 13.17, 12.24, 12.35, 12.43, 12.75, \
        11.97, 12.93, 13.73, 13.33, 13.74, 13.54, 14.23, 13.41, 12.52, 13.34, \
        14.06, 14, 13.83, 14.32, 15.18, 15.08, 14.86, 13.99, 13.48, 12.89, \
        13.17, 14.16, 13.5, 13.27, 13.62, 13.69, 13.4, 12.74, 13.09, 13.96]

def RSI(data, n, isEMA=True):
    m = len(data)-1
    k = 1/float(n)
    RSI = [None]*m

    # error handling for insufficient data
    if m<n:
        return RSI

    # compute 1 step price difference
    delta = [data[i+1]-data[i] for i in range(0,m)]

    # create the positive gains (up) and negative gains (down) series
    gain = [abs(i) if i>0 else 0 for i in delta]
    loss = [abs(i) if i<0 else 0 for i in delta]
    avg_gain = sum(gain[0:n])/float(n)
    avg_loss = sum(loss[0:n])/float(n)
    
    for i in range(n,m):
        # Exponential Moving Average
        if isEMA:
            avg_gain = gain[i]*k + avg_gain*(1-k)
            avg_loss = loss[i]*k + avg_loss*(1-k)
        # Simple Moving Average
        else:
            avg_gain = (avg_gain*n - gain[i-n] + gain[i])*k
            avg_loss = (avg_loss*n - loss[i-n] + loss[i])*k
        # calculate RSI value
        if avg_loss==0:
            RSI[i] = 100.0
        else:
            RSI[i] = 100.0 - (100.0 / (1.0 + avg_gain/avg_loss))
    return RSI

# calculate RSI series 
RSI1 = talib.RSI(np.array(obs), period)
RSI2 = RSI(obs, period)
print("RSI1=",RSI1)
print("RSI2=",RSI2)
# plot 
x = np.array([i for i in range(len(obs))])
y = np.array([i for i in obs])
y2 = RSI1
plt.figure()
plt.style.use(['dark_background']) 
fig, axs = plt.subplots(2)
axs[0].set_title('Closing Price')
axs[0].plot(x, y, linestyle='-', color='b')
axs[1].set_title('RSI')
axs[1].plot(x, y2, linestyle='-', color='g')
plt.show()


Result


Now, we have a better understanding about RSI! In the coming post, let's create an RSI strategy and see how useful it is.


Like and follow me
If you find my articles inspiring, like this post and follow me here to receive my latest updates.
Enter my promote code "AjpQDMOSmzG2" for any purchase on ALGOGENE, you will automatically get 5% discount.







3
0




 Posted on : 2021-05-18 13:45:59.776000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,725










 
Bee Bee









Very clear explanation. Thanks for sharing! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-05-27 11:46:59.411000












 
Jeremy









I compared the results from talib and the provided RSI function. I found the first few generated RSI values are different but the rest are the same. Any reasons?





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-06-19 01:10:42.463000












 
tony lam










Original Posted by - b'Jeremy':  
I compared the results from talib and the provided RSI function. I found the first few generated RSI values are different but the rest are the same. Any reasons?

The above RSI function applies a simple average of the first n observations as initial value. "ta-lib" may have a different initialization method. For EMA version of RSI, as historical observation carries a decay factor k^(n-1), the results will converge even if the initial values are different. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-06-29 13:22:51.734000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | A simple RSI strategy






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
tony lam







A simple RSI strategy
Trading Strategy



Following the discussion from the previous post [Technical Indicator - Relative Strength Index (RSI)], we will implement a simple trading strategy using the RSI indicator.

Trading Logic:
Suppose we apply RSI(14) for the daily closing price of USDJPY over the year of 2020.

Based on a sliding window approach to collect the previous 14 closing price
Calculate the latest RSI value
Order open conditions:

if we have NO outstanding position,

if RSI value < 30, we open a buy order
if RSI value > 70, we open a sell order


Order close conditions:

if we have outstanding position,

if we previously submit a buy order and RSI value reverses back to or above 50, we close the buy order
if we previously submit a sell order and RSI value reverses back to or below 50, we close the sell order


Repeat the process until the backtest period end

Now, let's write down our trading algorithm step-by-step.

Step 1. Calculate RSI value
First of all, we define 'rsi_period' and 'instrument' at initialization.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
from talib import RSI
import numpy as np

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.rsi_period = 14
        self.instrument = "USDJPY"

We use the API function getHistoricalBar to collect historical observations. Then, we apply a python library 'talib.RSI' to calculate the latest RSI value.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):
            # get last 14 closing price
            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar({"instrument":self.instrument}, self.rsi_period+1, "D")
            arr = [res[t]['c'] for t in res]
            
            # calculate the current RSI value
            RSI_cur = RSI(np.array(arr), self.rsi_period)[-1]
            
            # print out RSI value to console
            self.evt.consoleLog("RSI_cur = ", RSI_cur)

            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp


Step 2. Order Entry Conditions
We further define 'rsi_overbought', 'rsi_oversold' and 'position' at initialization.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
from talib import RSI
import numpy as np


class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.rsi_period = 14
        self.rsi_overbought = 70
        self.rsi_oversold = 30
        self.position = 0
        self.instrument = "USDJPY"

We also create a function 'open_order' to handle order submissions.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8    def open_order(self, buysell):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject()
        order.instrument = self.instrument
        order.openclose = 'open'
        order.buysell = buysell    #1=buy, -1=sell
        order.ordertype = 0  #0=market, 1=limit
        order.volume = 0.01
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)

We also update the system's function 'on_marketdatafeed' for order open logic.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):
            # get last 14 closing price
            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar({"instrument":self.instrument}, self.rsi_period+1, "D")
            arr = [res[t]['c'] for t in res]
            
            # calculate the current RSI value
            RSI_cur = RSI(np.array(arr), self.rsi_period)[-1]
            
            # print out RSI value to console
            self.evt.consoleLog("RSI_cur = ", RSI_cur)
            
            # open an order if we have no outstanding position
            if self.position==0:
                
                # open a sell order if it is overbought
                if RSI_cur>self.rsi_overbought:
                    self.open_order(-1)
                    
                # open a buy order if it is oversold
                elif RSI_cur<self.rsi_oversold:
                    self.open_order(1)

            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp


Step 3. Order Close Condition
We firstly edit the system's 'on_orderfeed' function. When there is order status update from the system, we record the system tradeID and update our outstanding position.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        # when system confirm an order, update last_tradeID and position
        if of.status=="success":
            self.position += of.fill_volume*of.buysell
            if self.position==0:
                self.last_tradeID = ""
            else:
                self.last_tradeID = of.tradeID

Secondly, we create a 'close_order' function. 
1
2
3
4
5    def close_order(self):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject()
        order.openclose = 'close'
        order.tradeID = self.last_tradeID
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)

Finally, we update 'on_marketdatafeed' function for order closing logic.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):
            # get last 14 closing price
            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar({"instrument":self.instrument}, self.rsi_period+1, "D")
            arr = [res[t]['c'] for t in res]
            
            # calculate the current RSI value
            RSI_cur = RSI(np.array(arr), self.rsi_period)[-1]
            
            # print out RSI value to console
            self.evt.consoleLog("RSI_cur = ", RSI_cur)
            
            # open an order if we have no outstanding position
            if self.position==0:
                
                # open a sell order if it is overbought
                if RSI_cur>self.rsi_overbought:
                    self.open_order(-1)
                    
                # open a buy order if it is oversold
                elif RSI_cur<self.rsi_oversold:
                    self.open_order(1)
            
            # check condition to close an order
            else:
                
                # close a position if we have previously open a buy order and RSI now reverse above 50 
                if self.position>0 and RSI_cur>50:
                    self.close_order()
                
                # close a position if we have previously open a sell order and RSI now reverse below 50 
                elif self.position<0 and RSI_cur<50:
                    self.close_order()
            
            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp


Full Source Code
Combining all above, the full script is presented below.
  1
  2
  3
  4
  5
  6
  7
  8
  9
 10
 11
 12
 13
 14
 15
 16
 17
 18
 19
 20
 21
 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
 28
 29
 30
 31
 32
 33
 34
 35
 36
 37
 38
 39
 40
 41
 42
 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 49
 50
 51
 52
 53
 54
 55
 56
 57
 58
 59
 60
 61
 62
 63
 64
 65
 66
 67
 68
 69
 70
 71
 72
 73
 74
 75
 76
 77
 78
 79
 80
 81
 82
 83
 84
 85
 86
 87
 88
 89
 90
 91
 92
 93
 94
 95
 96
 97
 98
 99
100
101
102from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
from talib import RSI
import numpy as np


class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.rsi_period = 14
        self.rsi_overbought = 70
        self.rsi_oversold = 30
        self.position = 0
        self.last_tradeID = ""
        self.instrument = "USDJPY"
        
    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()
        
    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):
            # get last 14 closing price
            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar({"instrument":self.instrument}, self.rsi_period+1, "D")
            arr = [res[t]['c'] for t in res]
            
            # calculate the current RSI value
            RSI_cur = RSI(np.array(arr), self.rsi_period)[-1]
            
            # print out RSI value to console
            self.evt.consoleLog("RSI_cur = ", RSI_cur)
            
            # open an order if we have no outstanding position
            if self.position==0:
                
                # open a sell order if it is overbought
                if RSI_cur>self.rsi_overbought:
                    self.open_order(-1)
                    
                # open a buy order if it is oversold
                elif RSI_cur<self.rsi_oversold:
                    self.open_order(1)
            
            # check condition to close an order
            else:
                
                # close a position if we have previously open a buy order and RSI now reverse above 50 
                if self.position>0 and RSI_cur>50:
                    self.close_order()
                
                # close a position if we have previously open a sell order and RSI now reverse below 50 
                elif self.position<0 and RSI_cur<50:
                    self.close_order()
            
            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp


    def open_order(self, buysell):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject()
        order.instrument = self.instrument
        order.openclose = 'open'
        order.buysell = buysell    #1=buy, -1=sell
        order.ordertype = 0  #0=market, 1=limit
        order.volume = 0.01
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)
        
    def close_order(self):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject()
        order.openclose = 'close'
        order.tradeID = self.last_tradeID
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)
        

    def on_bulkdatafeed(self, isSync, bd, ab):
        pass

    def on_newsdatafeed(self, nd):
        pass

    def on_weatherdatafeed(self, wd):
        pass
    
    def on_econsdatafeed(self, ed):
        pass
        
        
    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        # when system confirm an order, update last_tradeID and position
        if of.status=="success":
            self.position += of.fill_volume*of.buysell
            if self.position==0:
                self.last_tradeID = ""
            else:
                self.last_tradeID = of.tradeID
            
    def on_dailyPLfeed(self, pl):
        pass

    def on_openPositionfeed(self, op, oo, uo):
        pass


Results
Now, we are prepared to backtest this strategy.
Backtest Settings:

Instrument:   USDJPY
Period:   2020.01 - 2020.12
Initial Capital:   US$1,000
Data Interval:   1-day bar
Allow Shortsell:   True


Backtest Result


Final Thoughts
Although the backtest result above looks promising, some questions are raised below to brainstorm how to further make this strategy practical.

From the logics above, we assume short selling is possible. What if it is not feasible in stock market?
We are using a 14-day RSI.

Any better choice than 14?
Is it applicable to other timeframes, eg. 1-min, 1-hour?
Will multiple RSIs produce a more reliable result?

The RSI value of 30/70 are used as reference points for order entry.

Any other better combinations?
Can this entry points be dynamically changing?
Can the 30/70 rule generally applicable to other financial instruments and asset classes?

In our order exit logic, we close a trade when RSI reverses back to 50.

Any better choice than 50?

We should also think about stop loss conditions.

Suppose we enter a buy order when RSI is low. If that instrument's price keep droping, its calculated RSI will maintain at a low level and won't reverse back to 50. Thus, according to current trading logics, we will keep losing money and never cut loss.

Will it produce a more accurate signal when combining RSI with other indicators?



Like and follow me
If you find my articles inspiring, like this post and follow me here to receive my latest updates.
Enter my promote code "AjpQDMOSmzG2" for any purchase on ALGOGENE, you will automatically get 5% discount.







9
0




 Posted on : 2021-05-27 06:24:16.981000





 Email
 Facebook



 4,185










 
Bee Bee









wow, it has a beautiful P/L curve :)





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-05-27 11:45:46.690000












 
Jeremy









A good learning example to start with. ^w^





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-06-19 01:25:24.990000












 
Gupta









RSI is a very useful indicator! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-11 06:23:44.718000












 
Hiroki















0
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-17 12:10:42.789000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Data exploration with Jupyter Notebook






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Data exploration with Jupyter Notebook
Programming



Here comes a new platform feature on ALGOGENE to directly work with Jupyter Notebook!


Figure 1 - Jupyter Notebook on ALGOGENE

What is Jupyter Notebook?
As its name, Jupyter Notebook is an interactive development environment which allows you to create and share documents that contain live code, equations, narrative text, paragraph, figures, links, etc.
You can perform the following tasks with a Jupyter Notebook:

pre-backtest analysis;
data transformation;
numerical simulation;
statistical modeling;
data visualization;
machine learning;
many more ...


What is Jupyter Dashboard?
In addition to displaying/editing/running notebook documents, the Jupyter Notebook App also has a control panel (called Jupyter Dashboard). It shows local files and allows to open notebook documents and shut down their kernels. It functions like a usual file explorer in a desktop computer for document management.

What is Notebook Kernel?
A notebook kernel is a computational engine that executes the code contained in a Notebook document. When you open a Notebook document, ALGOGENE will automatically assign a partition of computer resource and launch the associated kernel. The kernel performs the computation and produces the results when a notebook is executed. Depending on the type of computations, a kernel process might be shutted down if it consumes significant CPU and RAM beyond the assigned limit.

How can I get start?
After login ALGOGENE platform, 

go to [My History] > [Jupyter Notebook]

you will get to Jupyter Dashboard after kernel is initialized
you can then create a new notebook document



Example 1: basic operation
In a notebook document, there are 2 typical cell elements.

markdown cell - to display text
code cell - to run live code

We can firstly insert markdown cells as a document heading.
We can also create code cells to run some simple operations.


Example 2: charting
Let's continous to create a new code cell. Now, we make up a random dataset and plot a simple x-y chart.
To use "matplotlib" in Jupyter, we need to add %matplotlib inline at the beginning.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11%matplotlib inline
import numpy as np
from matplotlib import pyplot as plt

x = np.array([1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10])
y = np.array([10,12,15,13,14,11,13,14,11,10])

plt.plot(x,y,'-')
plt.style.use('dark_background')
title = plt.title('Line chart')
plt.show()




Example 3: data query
Now, let us try query some real-time news from the server.
Referring to the document of ALGOGENE REST API, we need to firstly get our API key which can be obtained from [Settings] > [User Profile]. For more details, please refer to this post.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17%matplotlib inline
import numpy as np
from matplotlib import pyplot as plt
import requests, json

USER = "xxxx"
API_KEY = "xxxx"

def get_news(user, api_key, lang):
    url = "https://algogene.com/rest/v1/realtime_news"
    headers = {'Content-Type':'application/json'}
    params = {'user':user, 'api_key':api_key, 'lang':lang}
    res = requests.get(url, params=params, headers=headers)
    return res.json()

data = get_news(USER, API_KEY, 'en')
print(data)




Example 4: visualize market data
This example shows you how to query historial closing price of EURUSD, and then display the data in a line chart.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27%matplotlib inline
import numpy as np
from matplotlib import pyplot as plt
import requests, json


USER = "xxxx"
API_KEY = "xxxx"

def getprice(symbol, count, interval, timestamp):
    url = 'https://algogene.com/rest/v1/history_price'
    headers = {'Content-Type': 'application/json'}
    params = {"instrument":symbol, 'user':USER, 'api_key':API_KEY, 'count':count, 'interval':interval, 'timestamp':timestamp}
    res = requests.get(url, params=params, headers=headers)
    return res.json()

data = getprice("EURUSD",100,"D",'2020-12-31')
#print(data)

if "res" in data:
    x = np.array([item["t"] for item in data["res"]])
    y = np.array([item["c"] for item in data["res"]])

    plt.plot(x, y, '-')
    plt.style.use(['dark_background'])    
    title = plt.title("Closing Price")
    plt.show()




Now, you learnt what Jupyter Notebook can do. It is time for you to explore the data and build your trading model!







6
0




 Posted on : 2021-06-15 15:14:38.728000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,969










 
Jeremy









Hi, I have a jupyter notebook developed in my local machine. Is it possible to upload to the cloud for further development? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-06-19 01:23:55.987000












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Jeremy':  
                                        Hi, I have a jupyter notebook developed in my local machine. Is it possible to upload to the cloud for further development? 

On ALGOGENE cloud, all notebook documents are held under /notebook
You can upload a local Jupyter checkpoint through [My History] > [File Viewer].








0
0




 Posted on : 2021-06-22 03:52:23.491000












 
admin









In Jupyter Notebook, we can also query data using the Web API as follows. The usage of market data API can be referred to here.

Example 1: print dataset
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11from AlgoAPI.AlgoAPIUtil import getHistoricalBar

contract = {"instrument":"EURUSD"}
count = 50
interval = "D"
timestamp = "2019-11-30"

arr = getHistoricalBar(contract, count, interval, timestamp)
for k in arr:
    print(arr[k])
    




Example 2: multi-series chart
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25%matplotlib inline
import numpy as np
from matplotlib import pyplot as plt
from AlgoAPI.AlgoAPIUtil import getHistoricalBar

def getdata(contract, count, interval, timestamp):
    arr = getHistoricalBar(contract, count, interval, timestamp)
    return arr
    
data1 = getdata(contract={"instrument":"EURCHF"}, count=50, interval="D", timestamp="2019-11-30")
data2 = getdata(contract={"instrument":"EURUSD"}, count=50, interval="D", timestamp="2019-11-30")

arr_time = [data1[k]['t'] for k in data1]
arr_close1 = [data1[k]['c'] for k in data1]
arr_close2 = [data2[k]['c'] for k in data2]

x = np.array(arr_time)
y1 = np.array(arr_close1)
y2 = np.array(arr_close2)

plt.plot(x, y1, '-', label="EURCHF")
plt.plot(x, y2, '-', label="EURUSD")
plt.style.use(['dark_background'])    
title = plt.title("Closing Price")
plt.show()




Example 3: calculate correlation
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25%matplotlib inline
import numpy as np
from matplotlib import pyplot as plt
from AlgoAPI.AlgoAPIUtil import getHistoricalBar

def getdata(contract, count, interval, timestamp):
    arr = getHistoricalBar(contract, count, interval, timestamp)
    return arr
    
data1 = getdata(contract={"instrument":"EURCHF"}, count=50, interval="D", timestamp="2019-11-30")
data2 = getdata(contract={"instrument":"EURUSD"}, count=50, interval="D", timestamp="2019-11-30")

arr_close1 = [data1[k]['c'] for k in data1]
arr_close2 = [data2[k]['c'] for k in data2]

y1 = np.array(arr_close1)
y2 = np.array(arr_close2)

plt.scatter(y1, y2)
plt.style.use(['dark_background'])    
title = plt.title("EURUSD vs EURCHF")
plt.show()


print("corr=",np.corrcoef(y1,y2))









1
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-09 04:13:09.503000












 
admin









The usage of economic data API can be referred to here.

Example
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22%matplotlib inline
import numpy as np
from matplotlib import pyplot as plt
from AlgoAPI.AlgoAPIUtil import getHistoricalEconstat

series_id = "A193RC1A027NBEA"
arr = getHistoricalEconstat(series_id,"2010-01-01","2020-12-31")

print(arr)


arr_time = [d["date"] for d in arr]
arr_value = [d["value"] for d in arr]


x = np.array(arr_time)
y = np.array(arr_value)

plt.plot(x, y, '-', label=series_id)
plt.style.use(['dark_background'])    
title = plt.title(series_id)
plt.show()









1
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-09 04:24:34.928000












 
admin









The usage of news data API can be referred to here.

Example
1
2
3
4
5
6from AlgoAPI.AlgoAPIUtil import getHistoricalNews

arr = getHistoricalNews(lang="en", count=3,starttime="2021-04-29", category=["ECONOMY"])

for _news in arr:
    print(_news)









1
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-09 04:33:51.679000












 
admin









The usage of on-chain data API can be referred to here.

Example
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22%matplotlib inline
import numpy as np
from matplotlib import pyplot as plt
from AlgoAPI.AlgoAPIUtil import getChain_AddressNew

asset = "BTC"
arr = getChain_AddressNew(asset,"2020-01-01","2020-12-31")

print(arr)


arr_time = [d["t"] for d in arr]
arr_value = [d["v"] for d in arr]


x = np.array(arr_time)
y = np.array(arr_value)

plt.plot(x, y, '-', label=asset)
plt.style.use(['dark_background'])    
title = plt.title(asset)
plt.show()




Similarly, we can replace "getChain_AddressNew" with other available on-chain functions :

getChain_AddressNew
getChain_AddressReceiver
getChain_AddressSender
getChain_AddressTotal
getChain_BlockInterval
getChain_BlockMined
getChain_BlockSize
getChain_FeeMiner
getChain_GasUsed
getChain_HashRate
getChain_IndicatorSOPR
getChain_MarketCap
getChain_Supply
getChain_TransactRate








0
0




 Posted on : 2022-07-18 08:49:29.711000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | 4 Common Data Formats You Should Know






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







4 Common Data Formats You Should Know
Programming



A data format is the arrangement of data fields. It defines how data is encoded for storage in a computer file, and the way to display and process. A good data researcher should at least know:

CSV
XML
JSON
YAML


What is CSV?
CSV, sometimes called Character Separated Values or Comma Delimited files, is a plain text file that are often used for exchanging data between different applications, including Microsoft Excel and SQL databases.
A CSV file has a fairly simple structure, which is a list of data separated by commas. Although the comma character is mostly used to separate (or delimit) data, sometimes other characters are used, like semicolons.
For example, a high school have its students' contact information as follows. Each row represents only 1 student. In this example, the column 'Name' is called a primary key which makes a row unique to each other.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8Name,Age,Email,Phone,Address
Amy,16,amy@xxx.com,1234-5678,123 Dummy Street
Bob,14,bob@xxx.com,1234-5679,124 Dummy Street
Clarence,13,clarence@xxx.com,1234-5680,125 Dummy Street
David,16,david@xxx.com,1234-5681,126 Dummy Street
Eva,15,eva@xxx.com,1234-5682,127 Dummy Street
Frankie,15,frankie@xxx.com,1234-5683,128 Dummy Street
...

CSV Table A - Student Contact

Here is another example for students' daily attendance information. It is a simple table to list out who attend a class on a particular date. However, as none of the column is unique, we don't have a primary key for this CSV.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14Date,Attendance
2021-05-01,Amy
2021-05-01,Bob
2021-05-01,Clarence
2021-05-01,David
2021-05-01,Eva
2021-05-01,Frankie
2021-05-02,Bob
2021-05-02,Clarence
2021-05-02,David
2021-05-02,Eva
2021-05-02,Frankie
2021-05-03,Bob
...

CSV Table B - Student Attendance

From above examples, it can be seen that CSV file is easy to create and read, but it lacks of feasibility to extend a CSV for "1-to-many" information. Sometimes for file size consideration, it would be better to split and store the data in different CSV tables.

What is XML?
XML stands for eXtensible Markup Language, is a textual data format that supports unicode of different human languages. It was firstly introduced by The World Wide Web Consortium in 1998 for web services data exchanges. Due to its feasibility in defining a data schema, there are lots of applications and documents nowadays adopt XML syntax for system configuration files and internet communication protocol, including RSS, Atom, REST API, Microsoft .NET Framework, Apple's iWork, etc.
Here are some key terminologies used in an XML specification:


Tag: A tag is a markup that begins with  <  and ends with  > . There are 3 type of tags: 

start-tag: eg. < body>
end-tag: eg. < / body>
empty-element tag: eg. < break />

Element: An element is a document component that begins with a start-tag and ends with a matching end-tag or consists only of an empty-element tag. The characters between the start-tag and end-tag are the element's content. An element's content may contain other elements, which are called child elements. eg. < price>100.0< / price>  
Attribute: An attribute consists of a name-value pair that exists within a start-tag or empty-element tag. eg.  < img src="earth.jpg" alt="Earth" />  

Using our previous example of student contact and attendance, we can put all the information in a single XML file.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68<class>
    <student> 
        <Name>Amy</Name>
        <Age>16</Age>
        <Email>amy@xxx.com</Email>
        <Phone>1234-5678</Phone>
        <Address>123 Dummy Street</Address>
        <Attendance> 
            <Date>2021-05-01</Date>
        </Attendance> 
    </student>
    <student> 
        <Name>Bob</Name>
        <Age>14</Age>
        <Email>bob@xxx.com</Email>
        <Phone>1234-5679</Phone>
        <Address>124 Dummy Street</Address>
        <Attendance> 
            <Date>2021-05-01</Date>
            <Date>2021-05-02</Date>
            <Date>2021-05-03</Date>
        </Attendance> 
    </student>
    <student> 
        <Name>Clarence</Name>
        <Age>13</Age>
        <Email>clarence@xxx.com</Email>
        <Phone>1234-5680</Phone>
        <Address>125 Dummy Street</Address>
        <Attendance> 
            <Date>2021-05-01</Date>
            <Date>2021-05-02</Date>
        </Attendance> 
    </student>
    <student> 
        <Name>David</Name>
        <Age>16</Age>
        <Email>david@xxx.com</Email>
        <Phone>1234-5681</Phone>
        <Address>126 Dummy Street</Address>
        <Attendance> 
            <Date>2021-05-01</Date>
            <Date>2021-05-02</Date>
        </Attendance> 
    </student>
    <student> 
        <Name>Eva</Name>
        <Age>15</Age>
        <Email>eva@xxx.com</Email>
        <Phone>1234-5682</Phone>
        <Address>127 Dummy Street</Address>
        <Attendance> 
            <Date>2021-05-01</Date>
            <Date>2021-05-02</Date>
        </Attendance> 
    </student>
    <student> 
        <Name>Frankie</Name>
        <Age>15</Age>
        <Email>frankie@xxx.com</Email>
        <Phone>1234-5683</Phone>
        <Address>128 Dummy Street</Address>
        <Attendance> 
            <Date>2021-05-01</Date>
            <Date>2021-05-02</Date>
        </Attendance> 
    </student>
</class>

The above is encoded with some spacing between tags for easier human reading. For system processing, it is also valid to compress an XML string in a single line.
1<class><student><Name>Amy</Name><Age>16</Age><Email>amy@xxx.com</Email><Phone>1234-5678</Phone><Address>123 Dummy Street</Address><Attendance><Date>2021-05-01</Date></Attendance></student><student><Name>Bob</Name><Age>14</Age><Email>bob@xxx.com</Email><Phone>1234-5679</Phone><Address>124 Dummy Street</Address><Attendance><Date>2021-05-01</Date><Date>2021-05-02</Date><Date>2021-05-03</Date></Attendance></student><student><Name>Clarence</Name><Age>13</Age><Email>clarence@xxx.com</Email><Phone>1234-5680</Phone><Address>125 Dummy Street</Address><Attendance><Date>2021-05-01</Date><Date>2021-05-02</Date></Attendance></student><student><Name>David</Name><Age>16</Age><Email>david@xxx.com</Email><Phone>1234-5681</Phone><Address>126 Dummy Street</Address><Attendance><Date>2021-05-01</Date><Date>2021-05-02</Date></Attendance></student><student><Name>Eva</Name><Age>15</Age><Email>eva@xxx.com</Email><Phone>1234-5682</Phone><Address>127 Dummy Street</Address><Attendance><Date>2021-05-01</Date><Date>2021-05-02</Date></Attendance></student><student><Name>Frankie</Name><Age>15</Age><Email>frankie@xxx.com</Email><Phone>1234-5683</Phone><Address>128 Dummy Street</Address><Attendance><Date>2021-05-01</Date><Date>2021-05-02</Date></Attendance></student></class>


As seen in the example, XML supports a dynamic data presentation in a hierarchical structure. This feasibility, however, requires extra computation compared to CSV for file parsing. Also, as it creates repeated tags name (eg. Age, Email, Phone) for each record, the file size of XML is usually larger than CSV that contains the same amount of information.

What is JSON?
JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) is an open standard file format which was derived from JavaScript in early 2000s. Since its standardization in 2013, JSON nowadays becomes a language-independent data format where many programming languages (eg. Python, Java, C++, etc) include code to generate and parse JSON-form data. JSON is also used by many service providers, browsers, servers, web applications, libraries, frameworks, and APIs for data exchanges, including Google Search API, Facebook API, etc.
The file extension of a JSON file use .json
JSON data are normally presented in attribute-value pairs. It has the following basic data types:

Number: a signed decimal number that may contain a fractional part and may use exponential E notation
String: a sequence of unicode characters that are delimited with double-quotation marks
Boolean: either true or false
Array: an ordered list of elements in which its values may be of any type. Arrays use square bracket notation with comma-separated elements
Object: a collection of key-value pairs where the keys are usually strings. Each key is unique within an object. Objects are delimited with curly brackets and use commas to separate each pair, while within each pair the colon ':' character separates the key from its value

An example of the syntax as follows:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7{   
    "shop":"ABC", 
    "product":"A basket of fruits", 
    "price":123.4, 
    "isForSell": true,
    "fruits":["apple","banana","orange"]
}

Once a JSON data is initialized/parsed, a data value can be easily accessed from its key. A simple python example as follows:
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10data = {   
    "shop":"ABC", 
    "product":"A basket of fruits", 
    "price":123.4, 
    "isForSell": True,
    "fruits":["apple","banana","orange"]
}

p = data["price"]
print("price=",p)


Using the example of student contact and attendance above, we can also put all the information in a single JSON file.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43[{   
    "Name":"Amy", 
    "Age":16,
    "Email":"amy@xxx.com", 
    "Phone":"1234-5678", 
    "Address":"123 Dummy Street", 
    "Attendance": ["2021-05-01"]
}, {   
    "Name":"Bob", 
    "Age":14,
    "Email":"bob@xxx.com", 
    "Phone":"1234-5679", 
    "Address":"124 Dummy Street", 
    "Attendance": ["2021-05-01","2021-05-02","2021-05-03"]
}, {   
    "Name":"Clarence", 
    "Age":13,
    "Email":"clarence@xxx.com", 
    "Phone":"1234-5680", 
    "Address":"125 Dummy Street", 
    "Attendance": ["2021-05-01","2021-05-02"]
}, {   
    "Name":"David", 
    "Age":16,
    "Email":"david@xxx.com", 
    "Phone":"1234-5681", 
    "Address":"126 Dummy Street", 
    "Attendance": ["2021-05-01","2021-05-02"]
}, {   
    "Name":"Eva", 
    "Age":15,
    "Email":"eva@xxx.com", 
    "Phone":"1234-5682", 
    "Address":"127 Dummy Street", 
    "Attendance": ["2021-05-01","2021-05-02"]
}, {   
    "Name":"Frankie", 
    "Age":15,
    "Email":"frankie@xxx.com", 
    "Phone":"1234-5683", 
    "Address":"128 Dummy Street", 
    "Attendance": ["2021-05-01","2021-05-02"]
}]

Similarly, for system processing, it is also valid to compress a JSON string in a single line.
1[{"Name":"Amy""Age":16,"Email":"amy@xxx.com""Phone":"1234-5678""Address":"123 Dummy Street""Attendance": ["2021-05-01"]},{"Name":"Bob""Age":14,"Email":"bob@xxx.com""Phone":"1234-5679""Address":"124 Dummy Street""Attendance": ["2021-05-01","2021-05-02","2021-05-03"]},{"Name":"Clarence""Age":13,"Email":"clarence@xxx.com""Phone":"1234-5680""Address":"125 Dummy Street""Attendance": ["2021-05-01","2021-05-02"]},{"Name":"David""Age":16,"Email":"david@xxx.com""Phone":"1234-5681""Address":"126 Dummy Street""Attendance": ["2021-05-01","2021-05-02"]},{"Name":"Eva""Age":15,"Email":"eva@xxx.com""Phone":"1234-5682""Address":"127 Dummy Street""Attendance": ["2021-05-01","2021-05-02"]},{"Name":"Frankie""Age":15,"Email":"frankie@xxx.com""Phone":"1234-5683""Address":"128 Dummy Street""Attendance": ["2021-05-01","2021-05-02"]}]


Similar to XML, the file size of JSON is usually larger than CSV due to repeated keys (eg. Email, Address, etc). Comparing JSON with XML, we can see that JSON file should generally be smaller as it only has 1 "tag" while XML contains both "start-tag" and "end-tag".

What is YAML?
YAML Ain't Markup Language (YAML) has increased in popularity over the past few years. It's often used as a format for configuration files (eg. docker), but its abilities in object serialization make it a viable replacement for XML and JSON.
Let's take a look of a sample YAML file:
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19--- #this is document 1
- Product:  
    shop: "ABC"
    product: "A basket of fruits"
    price: 123.4
    isForSell: true
    fruits: 
      - "apple"
      - "banana"
      - "orange"
---   #this is document 2
- Product:
    shop: "XYZ"
    product: "A basket of fruits"
    price: 50.0
    isForSell: true
    fruits: 
      - "banana"
      - "pineapple"


YAML has a data structure hierarchy that is maintained by outline indentation. The file starts with three dashes  ---  . These dashes indicate the start of a new YAML document. YAML supports multiple documents, and compliant parsers will recognize each set of dashes as the beginning of a new one. A valid YAML should also fulfil the following compatibility:

Whitespace indentation (tab characters NOT allowed) is used for denoting structure
Comments begin with  # , which can start anywhere in a line and continue until the end of the line.
An associative array entry is represented in the form of  key: value  with one entry per line
List items are denoted by  -  with one item per line.
Strings are ordinarily unquoted, but it may be enclosed in double-quotes  " , or single-quotes  ' .
Multiple documents within a single stream are separated by  ---  
Repeated nodes are initially denoted by  &  and thereafter referenced with  * .

Unlike JSON, which can only display data in a hierarchical structure with each child node having a single parent, YAML supports a simple relational scheme that allows repeats of identical data to be referenced from two or more points in the tree rather than entered repeatedly. Interested readers can refer to the official documents (https://yaml.org) for more advanced usages.

Using the example of student contact and attendance above, we can create a single YAML file as follows:
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55---
- Student:
    Name: "Amy"
    Age: 16
    Email: "amy@xxx.com"
    Phone: "1234-5678"
    Address: "123 Dummy Street"
    Attendance: 
      - "2021-05-01"
- Student:
    Name: "Bob"
    Age: 14
    Email: "bob@xxx.com"
    Phone: "1234-5679"
    Address: "124 Dummy Street"
    Attendance: 
      - "2021-05-01"
      - "2021-05-02"
      - "2021-05-03"
- Student:
    Name: "Clarence"
    Age: 14
    Email: "clarence@xxx.com"
    Phone: "1234-5680"
    Address: "125 Dummy Street"
    Attendance: 
      - "2021-05-01"
      - "2021-05-02"
- Student:
    Name: "David"
    Age: 16
    Email: "david@xxx.com"
    Phone: "1234-5681"
    Address: "126 Dummy Street"
    Attendance: 
      - "2021-05-01"
      - "2021-05-02"
- Student:
    Name: "Eva"
    Age: 15
    Email: "eva@xxx.com"
    Phone: "1234-5682"
    Address: "127 Dummy Street"
    Attendance: 
      - "2021-05-01"
      - "2021-05-02"
- Student:
    Name: "Frankie"
    Age: 15
    Email: "frankie@xxx.com"
    Phone: "1234-5683"
    Address: "128 Dummy Street"
    Attendance: 
      - "2021-05-01"
      - "2021-05-02"

Unlike XML and JSON, data compression for YAML is not available due to outline indentation structure.

Summary
In the comparison below, we rank the data format from 1 to 4 where 1 is the best/most desired.



CSV
XML
JSON
YAML


Ease of File Creation
1
3
2
4


Readability
1
3
2
4


Data Parsing Speed
1
3
2
4


File Size
1
4
3
2


Flexibility of Data Structure
4
2
2
1



Different data format has its own edges, which one to use actually depends on the actual use case. (eg. read/write frequency, how data is stored, etc). A good data analytics platform (like ALGOGENE~) weights the pros and cons, and usually derive a hybrid solution to handle different situations.








2
0




 Posted on : 2021-06-29 11:55:44.319000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,908










 
Gupta









As far as I know, YAML is mostly used as config file. Any systems/applications that used YAML to store raw data??? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-11 06:26:50.706000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | A Simlpe Moving Average Strategy migrating from MT4/MT5 EA






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
tony lam







A Simlpe Moving Average Strategy migrating from MT4/MT5 EA
Trading Strategy



This article provides the full source code of an example presented in a webinar on 2021.07.10. In the webinar, it discussed how to convert a Simple Moving Average Strategy from MT4 EA to ALGOGENE.


MetaTrader
Many experienced retail traders should already be familiar with MetaTrader (MT4/MT5), which has a popular feature called Expert Advisor (EA) for trading strategy automation. When we open MetaEditor, we can find a number of pre-built technical indicators and trading strategies.


Simlpe Moving Average Strategy
Let's take the Moving Average as example. The trading idea is that if the market price crosses the MA line from bottom, it indicates a short-term up trend which suggests a buy signal. On the other hand, it indicates a sell signal if the market price crosses the MA line from the top.


The trading logic can be formulated as follows:

if Open < MA and Close > MA, then BUY
If Open > MA and Close < MA, then SELL


MT4 Source Code
Below is the source code of the Simple Moving Average strategy exported from MT4. The syntax is equivalent to C++.

  1
  2
  3
  4
  5
  6
  7
  8
  9
 10
 11
 12
 13
 14
 15
 16
 17
 18
 19
 20
 21
 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
 28
 29
 30
 31
 32
 33
 34
 35
 36
 37
 38
 39
 40
 41
 42
 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 49
 50
 51
 52
 53
 54
 55
 56
 57
 58
 59
 60
 61
 62
 63
 64
 65
 66
 67
 68
 69
 70
 71
 72
 73
 74
 75
 76
 77
 78
 79
 80
 81
 82
 83
 84
 85
 86
 87
 88
 89
 90
 91
 92
 93
 94
 95
 96
 97
 98
 99
100
101
102
103
104
105
106
107
108
109
110
111
112
113
114
115
116
117
118
119
120
121
122
123
124
125
126
127
128
129
130
131
132
133
134
135
136
137
138
139
140
141
142
143
144
145//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//|                                               Moving Average.mq4 |
//|                   Copyright 2005-2014, MetaQuotes Software Corp. |
//|                                              http://www.mql4.com |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
#property copyright   "2005-2014, MetaQuotes Software Corp."
#property link        "http://www.mql4.com"
#property description "Moving Average sample expert advisor"

#define MAGICMA  20131111
//--- Inputs
input double Lots          =0.1;
input double MaximumRisk   =0.02;
input double DecreaseFactor=3;
input int    MovingPeriod  =12;
input int    MovingShift   =0;
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Calculate open positions                                         |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
int CalculateCurrentOrders(string symbol)
  {
   int buys=0,sells=0;
//---
   for(int i=0;i<OrdersTotal();i++)
     {
      if(OrderSelect(i,SELECT_BY_POS,MODE_TRADES)==false) break;
      if(OrderSymbol()==Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber()==MAGICMA)
        {
         if(OrderType()==OP_BUY)  buys++;
         if(OrderType()==OP_SELL) sells++;
        }
     }
//--- return orders volume
   if(buys>0) return(buys);
   else       return(-sells);
  }
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Calculate optimal lot size                                       |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
double LotsOptimized()
  {
   double lot=Lots;
   int    orders=HistoryTotal();     // history orders total
   int    losses=0;                  // number of losses orders without a break
//--- select lot size
   lot=NormalizeDouble(AccountFreeMargin()*MaximumRisk/1000.0,1);
//--- calcuulate number of losses orders without a break
   if(DecreaseFactor>0)
     {
      for(int i=orders-1;i>=0;i--)
        {
         if(OrderSelect(i,SELECT_BY_POS,MODE_HISTORY)==false)
           {
            Print("Error in history!");
            break;
           }
         if(OrderSymbol()!=Symbol() || OrderType()>OP_SELL)
            continue;
         //---
         if(OrderProfit()>0) break;
         if(OrderProfit()<0) losses++;
        }
      if(losses>1)
         lot=NormalizeDouble(lot-lot*losses/DecreaseFactor,1);
     }
//--- return lot size
   if(lot<0.1) lot=0.1;
   return(lot);
  }
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Check for open order conditions                                  |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
void CheckForOpen()
  {
   double ma;
   int    res;
//--- go trading only for first tiks of new bar
   if(Volume[0]>1) return;
//--- get Moving Average 
   ma=iMA(NULL,0,MovingPeriod,MovingShift,MODE_SMA,PRICE_CLOSE,0);
//--- sell conditions
   if(Open[1]>ma && Close[1]<ma)
     {
      res=OrderSend(Symbol(),OP_SELL,LotsOptimized(),Bid,3,0,0,"",MAGICMA,0,Red);
      return;
     }
//--- buy conditions
   if(Open[1]<ma && Close[1]>ma)
     {
      res=OrderSend(Symbol(),OP_BUY,LotsOptimized(),Ask,3,0,0,"",MAGICMA,0,Blue);
      return;
     }
//---
  }
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Check for close order conditions                                 |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
void CheckForClose()
  {
   double ma;
//--- go trading only for first tiks of new bar
   if(Volume[0]>1) return;
//--- get Moving Average 
   ma=iMA(NULL,0,MovingPeriod,MovingShift,MODE_SMA,PRICE_CLOSE,0);
//---
   for(int i=0;i<OrdersTotal();i++)
     {
      if(OrderSelect(i,SELECT_BY_POS,MODE_TRADES)==false) break;
      if(OrderMagicNumber()!=MAGICMA || OrderSymbol()!=Symbol()) continue;
      //--- check order type 
      if(OrderType()==OP_BUY)
        {
         if(Open[1]>ma && Close[1]<ma)
           {
            if(!OrderClose(OrderTicket(),OrderLots(),Bid,3,White))
               Print("OrderClose error ",GetLastError());
           }
         break;
        }
      if(OrderType()==OP_SELL)
        {
         if(Open[1]<ma && Close[1]>ma)
           {
            if(!OrderClose(OrderTicket(),OrderLots(),Ask,3,White))
               Print("OrderClose error ",GetLastError());
           }
         break;
        }
     }
//---
  }
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| OnTick function                                                  |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
void OnTick()
  {
//--- check for history and trading
   if(Bars<100 || IsTradeAllowed()==false)
      return;
//--- calculate open orders by current symbol
   if(CalculateCurrentOrders(Symbol())==0) CheckForOpen();
   else                                    CheckForClose();
//---
  }
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+


Implementation on ALGOGENE
Following a similar programming structure, we can easily convert the EA as follows.
  1
  2
  3
  4
  5
  6
  7
  8
  9
 10
 11
 12
 13
 14
 15
 16
 17
 18
 19
 20
 21
 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
 28
 29
 30
 31
 32
 33
 34
 35
 36
 37
 38
 39
 40
 41
 42
 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 49
 50
 51
 52
 53
 54
 55
 56
 57
 58
 59
 60
 61
 62
 63
 64
 65
 66
 67
 68
 69
 70
 71
 72
 73
 74
 75
 76
 77
 78
 79
 80
 81
 82
 83
 84
 85
 86
 87
 88
 89
 90
 91
 92
 93
 94
 95
 96
 97
 98
 99
100
101
102
103
104
105
106
107
108
109
110
111
112
113
114
115
116
117
118
119
120
121
122
123
124from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import numpy as np
from talib import EMA

MAGICMA = 20131111
Lots = 0.1
MaximumRisk = 0.02
DecreaseFactor = 3
MovingPeriod = 12
MovingShift = 0


class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.lasttradetime = datetime(2000,1,1)
        self.pos, self.osOrder, self.pendOrder = {}, {}, {}

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()
        
    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        if md.timestamp>self.lasttradetime+timedelta(hours=1):
            self.lasttradetime = md.timestamp
        
            # get latest closing price
            fullbar = self.evt.getHistoricalBar(contract={"instrument":md.instrument}, numOfBar=MovingPeriod+MovingShift, interval="D")
            self.obs_open = [fullbar[t]["o"] for t in fullbar]
            self.obs_close = [fullbar[t]["c"] for t in fullbar]

            if self.CalculateCurrentOrders(md.instrument)==0:
                self.CheckForOpen(md, ab)
            else:
                self.CheckForClose(md, ab)

    def CheckForOpen(self,md,ab):
        ma = EMA(np.array(self.obs_close), MovingPeriod)[-1-MovingShift]
        # sell conditions
        if self.obs_open[-1]>ma and self.obs_close[-1]<ma:
            order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                instrument = md.instrument,
                orderRef = MAGICMA,
                openclose = 'open', 
                buysell = -1,        #1=buy, -1=sell
                ordertype = 0,      #0=market, 1=limit
                volume = self.LotsOptimized(md,ab)
            )
            self.evt.sendOrder(order)
        # buy condition
        if self.obs_open[-1]<ma and self.obs_close[-1]>ma:
            order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                instrument = md.instrument,
                orderRef = MAGICMA,
                openclose = 'open', 
                buysell = 1,        #1=buy, -1=sell
                ordertype = 0,      #0=market, 1=limit
                volume = self.LotsOptimized(md,ab)
            )
            self.evt.sendOrder(order)

    def CheckForClose(self, md, ab):
        ma = EMA(np.array(self.obs_close), MovingPeriod)[-1-MovingShift]
        for _id in list(self.osOrder):
            if self.osOrder[_id]["buysell"]==1:
                if self.obs_open[-1]>ma and self.obs_close[-1]<ma:
                    order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                        tradeID = _id,
                        openclose = 'close'
                    )
                    self.evt.sendOrder(order)
            elif self.osOrder[_id]["buysell"]==-1:
                if self.obs_open[-1]<ma and self.obs_close[-1]>ma:
                    order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                        tradeID = _id,
                        openclose = 'close'
                    )
                    self.evt.sendOrder(order)

    def CalculateCurrentOrders(self, symbol):
        self.pos, self.osOrder, self.pendOrder = self.evt.getSystemOrders()
        if symbol in self.pos:
            return self.pos[symbol]["netVolume"]
        return 0

    def LotsOptimized(self,md,ab):
        losses = 0
        # select lot size
        lot = round(ab["availableBalance"]*MaximumRisk/1000.0,1)
        # calcuulate number of losses orders without a break
        if DecreaseFactor>0:
            for _id in self.osOrder:
                if self.osOrder[_id]["buysell"]==1: #buy
                    if md.bidPrice < self.osOrder[_id]["openprice"]:
                        losses+=1
                elif self.osOrder[_id]["buysell"]==-1: #sell
                    if md.askPrice > self.osOrder[_id]["openprice"]:
                        losses+=1
            if losses>1:
                lot = round(lot-lot*losses/DecreaseFactor,1)
        # return lot size
        if lot<Lots: lot = Lots
        return lot

    def on_bulkdatafeed(self, isSync, bd, ab):
        pass

    def on_newsdatafeed(self, nd):
        pass

    def on_weatherdatafeed(self, wd):
        pass
    
    def on_econsdatafeed(self, ed):
        pass
    
    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        pass

    def on_dailyPLfeed(self, pl):
        pass

    def on_openPositionfeed(self, op, oo, uo):
        pass


We can then reproduce a similar backtest result as in MT4/MT5.



Like and follow me
If you find my articles inspiring, like this post and follow me here to receive my latest updates.
Enter my promote code "AjpQDMOSmzG2" for any purchase on ALGOGENE, you will automatically get 5% discount.







7
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-11 06:15:21.957000





 Email
 Facebook



 8,668










 
Bee Bee









Hi ALGOGENE team, I developed quite a number of MT4 scripts previously. ALGOGENE is a very nice quant trading platform. I hope my MT4 EA can be reused here without tedious manual work. Is there existing tool for auto-conversion? eg. when I upload an MT4 script to ALGOGENE, I hope the system can automatically convert the syntax into ALGOGENE format. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-09-27 13:54:29.466000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Risk Measurement using Value-At-Risk (VaR)






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Risk Measurement using Value-At-Risk (VaR)
Economy & Market



Background
Under Basel's risk management framework, financial risks can be classified into 3 main categories:

Market Risk
Credit Risk
Operational Risk

Value-at-Risk (VaR) was developed at J.P. Morgan around 1994, and nowadays, it is widely adopted by banks and regulators for market risk measurement in the financial industry.

Understand Value-at-Risk (VaR)
Value at risk is a statistic that quantifies the level of financial loss (with a given probability) over a specific time frame. VaR calculation is applicable to measure a specific financial position, an investment portfolio, or a firm-wide risk exposure. It is typically used by financial institutions to gauge the amount of assets needed to cover possible losses.
In VaR modeling, it determines the amount of potential loss and the probability of occurrence for the defined loss. The calculation involves 2 parameters.

Confidence Level (1-α) : common choice include 99% and 95%
Time Horizon (T) : common choice include 1-day and 10-day

For example, a financial firm may calculate an asset has a 99% 10-day VaR of 15%. It means a 99% chance of the asset declining in value no more than 15% during a 10-day time frame. It can also be interpreted as: on average for every 10/(1-99%) = 1000 days, there would occur a loss more than 15%.

Mathematical Definition
Let X be a profit-and-loss distribution where loss is negative and profit is positive. The VaR at level α ∈ (0,1) is the smallest number y such that the probability of loss Y := -X does not exceed y is at least 1-α. Mathematically,
VaRα(X) = -inf{x ∈ ℝ: FX(x) > α} = FY-1(1-α) 
where FX(.) is the cummulative distribution of X

How to calculate VaR?
There are 2 basic approaches for VaR estimation, namely

Historical VaR
Parametric VaR


Historical VaR
The historical method assumes that history will repeat itself from a risk perspective. The "worst" senario in the past could be used as a reference for future "worst" situation.
The calculation simply re-arrange the actual historical series of returns (or sometimes profit-and-loss), and put them in order from worst to best. Then, the α-percentile is estimated as VaR.
For example, suppose our portfolio contains only 1 stock which has a market value of US$100,000. We collected the previous 101 daily returns of the stock:
{0.7%, 0.03%, -0.39%, 0.14%, 0.1%, 0.3%, -1.3%, 0.5%, 0.73%, -0.17%, 0.14%, 0.8%, 0.22%, 0.27%, -0.25%, -0.28%, -0.27%, -0.05%, 0.69%, -0.44%, -0.04%, 0.45%, -0.37%, -0.31%, -0.04%, -0.3%, -0.11%, 0.15%, 0.25%, -0.2%, -0.4%, 0.65%, 0.22%, 0.56%, -1.2%, -0.44%, -0.43%, 0.36%, -0.21%, 0.68%, 0.21%, 0.05%, -0.29%, -0.32%, 0.12%, 0.73%, 0.22%, 0.09%, -0.29%, 0.44%, 0.3%, 0.31%, 0.17%, -0.44%, -0.35%, -0.8%, 0.29%, 0.26%, -1.13%, 0.31%, 0.15%, 0%, -0.36%, 0.04%, -0.04%, 0.02%, 0.7%, -0.15%, -0.27%, 0.54%, 0.46%, -0.22%, 0.01%, 0.51%, 0.21%, -0.2%, -0.36%, -0.79%, -0.17%, 0.04%, 0.13%, 0.76%, -0.19%, 0.26%, 0.03%, 0.17%, 0.26%, -0.26%, -0.19%, -0.05%, 0%, -0.39%, 0.53%, 0.77%, 0.27%, -0.41%, 0.54%, -0.12%, 0.78%, -0.28%, 0.62%}
We sort the returns in ascending order:
{-1.3%, -1.2%, -1.13%, -0.8%, -0.79%, ... , 0.78%, 0.80%}
Therefore, we have

the next day's expected PL = 100000*(-1.3% - 1.2% + ... + 0.8%)/101 = 39.3069
the next day's worst PL at 99% confidence level = -1.2%*100000 = -1200.
then, 99% 1-day VaR (or sometime called "Unexpected Loss") is calculated as 39.3069 - (-1200) = 1239.3069



Parametric VaR
The parametric method is also called Variance-Covariance method, which assumes that stock returns are normally distributed. In other words, it only requires to estimate 2 parameters:

expected return
standard deviation

These 2 factors define the shape of a normal distribution curve. Using the same example above, we compute mean = 0.39307%, and standard derivation = 0.004314818 for the return series.
The corresponding inverse normal distribution at 1% is calculated to be -0.009644698, which is interpreted as the worst return at 99% confidence level. Thus, 99% 1-day VaR would be 100000*(0.39307% - (-0.009644698)) = 1003.78
We can see the VaR result is closed to the one obtained in historical method.


Backtesting VaR
The daily profits-and-losses (PL) against value-at-risk (VaR) for an actual trading portfolio is usually plotted in the following way.

The chart summarize the portfolio's daily performance and the evolution of its market risk. It provides a simple graphical analysis of how well a VaR measure performed.
For a 95% 1-day VaR metric, we expect there are roughly 5% of the time (or 6 in a 6-month period). From the chart, we can count 10 exceedances over the six months. Does this VaR measure reasonably perform as expected???
To answer this, we can refer to some statistically testing techniques. Most of the published backtesting methodologies can be categorised into:

Coverage tests - test whether the frequency of exceedances is consistent with the quantile of loss a VaR measure
Distribution tests - goodness-of-fit tests applied to the overall loss distributions forecast by complete VaR measures
Independence tests - test whether exceedances appear to be independent from one period to another


Limitation of VaR

The result of VaR may underestimate the actual loss.
VaR simply focuses on the manageable risks near the center of the loss distribution and ignored the tails. For example, a 99% 1-day VaR of 15% represents an expectation of losing at least 15% once every 100 days on average. For this calculation, a loss of 50% still validate the risk accessment.
Selection bias
For example, VaR calculated using a period of low volatility may understate the potential for risk events to occur and its magnitude. Risk may also be understated using normal distribution, which does not account for extreme events.
Require huge computation resource
For a global bank involving 24-hour transactions, it is already difficult to retrieve all positions from a large portfolio in a real-time basis. Let's alone to calculate the VaR result, espectially when a portfolio consists of complicated and illiquid derivatives positions where mark-to-market price is not available.


The 2008 financial crisis actually reflected these problems where VaR calculations understated the potential occurrence of risk events and the risk magnitude. It resulted in extreme leverage taken within subprime portfolios. As a result, it left institutions unable to cover billions of dollars in losses as subprime mortgage values collapsed.

Conclusion
VaR provides a systemaic and relatively simple method to quantify financial risk, but it ignores everything outside the VaR limit. In reality, loss distribution typically has fat tails. Knowing the distribution of losses beyond the VaR point is almost impossible. Risk manager should apply further analysis like Stress Testing to plan for "Excess Loss".






6
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-16 14:43:02.129000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,616













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to test market randomness?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Hiroki







How to test market randomness?
Quantitative Model



As title, how can I statistically test whether a given price series is random or not? Appreciated if anyone can share some reference/ programming code. PS: I don't have statistics background ...





4
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-17 12:06:28.851000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,770










 
Jeremy









There are many statistical research on this topic. You can look at "Wald–Wolfowitz runs test", which can be used to test whether the elements of a sequence are mutually independent.

From Wiki (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wald%E2%80%93Wolfowitz_runs_test), 

"A run of a sequence is a maximal non-empty segment of the sequence consisting of adjacent equal elements. For example, the 22-element-long sequence
+ + + + − − − + + + − − + + + + + + − − − −
consists of 6 runs, 3 of which consist of "+" and the others of "−". The run test is based on the null hypothesis that each element in the sequence is independently drawn from the same distribution.
Under the null hypothesis, the number of runs in a sequence of N elements is a random variable whose conditional distribution given the observation of N+ positive values and N− negative values (N = N+ + N−) is approximately normal, with:

These parameters do not assume that the positive and negative elements have equal probabilities of occurring, but only assume that the elements are independent and identically distributed. If the number of runs is significantly higher or lower than expected, the hypothesis of statistical independence of the elements may be rejected."


Python:
Here I write a simple python function to calculate p-value.
from scipy.stats import norm

def run_test(arr, isbinary=False):
    n_pos, n_neg, n, runs = 0, 0, 0, 0
    # ensure at least 2 input observations
    if len(arr)<2:
        return None
    # step 1. convert a price series into (pos/neg)
    if isbinary:
        arr_run = arr
    else:
        arr_run = []
        for i in range(1,len(arr)):
            v = 1 if arr[i]>arr[i-1] else -1
            arr_run.append(v)
    # step 2. count pos/neg runs
    for i in range(0,len(arr_run)):
        if arr_run[i]>0:
            n_pos+=1
        elif arr_run[i]<0:
            n_neg+=1
        if i>1 and arr_run[i]!=arr_run[i-1]:
            runs+=1
    n = n_pos+n_neg
    # compute 2-tailed p-value
    mean = 2*n_pos*n_neg/float(n)+1
    sd = ((mean-1)*(mean-2)/float(n-1))**(0.5)
    prob = norm.cdf(runs, loc=mean, scale=sd)
    pval = min(prob,1-prob)
    return pval

# ------------------------------------
# TEST CASE
arr = [10, 11, 12, 13, 11, 12, 10, 11, 9, 11, 15, 16, 15, 13, 11, 10]
p = run_test(arr)
print("p_value = ",p)








3
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-23 13:14:39.806000












 
Hiroki










Original Posted by - b'Jeremy':  
There are many statistical research on this topic. You can look at "Wald–Wolfowitz runs test", which can be used to test whether the elements of a sequence are mutually independent.

From Wiki (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wald%E2%80%93Wolfowitz_runs_test), 

"A run of a sequence is a maximal non-empty segment of the sequence consisting of adjacent equal elements. For example, the 22-element-long sequence
+ + + + − − − + + + − − + + + + + + − − − −
consists of 6 runs, 3 of which consist of "+" and the others of "−". The run test is based on the null hypothesis that each element in the sequence is independently drawn from the same distribution.
Under the null hypothesis, the number of runs in a sequence of N elements is a random variable whose conditional distribution given the observation of N+ positive values and N− negative values (N = N+ + N−) is approximately normal, with:

These parameters do not assume that the positive and negative elements have equal probabilities of occurring, but only assume that the elements are independent and identically distributed. If the number of runs is significantly higher or lower than expected, the hypothesis of statistical independence of the elements may be rejected."


Python:
Here I write a simple python function to calculate p-value.
from scipy.stats import norm

def run_test(arr, isbinary=False):
    n_pos, n_neg, n, runs = 0, 0, 0, 0
    # ensure at least 2 input observations
    if len(arr)<2:
        return None
    # step 1. convert a price series into (pos/neg)
    if isbinary:
        arr_run = arr
    else:
        arr_run = []
        for i in range(1,len(arr)):
            v = 1 if arr[i]>arr[i-1] else -1
            arr_run.append(v)
    # step 2. count pos/neg runs
    for i in range(0,len(arr_run)):
        if arr_run[i]>0:
            n_pos+=1
        elif arr_run[i]<0:
            n_neg+=1
        if i>1 and arr_run[i]!=arr_run[i-1]:
            runs+=1
    n = n_pos+n_neg
    # compute 2-tailed p-value
    mean = 2*n_pos*n_neg/float(n)+1
    sd = ((mean-1)*(mean-2)/float(n-1))**(0.5)
    prob = norm.cdf(runs, loc=mean, scale=sd)
    pval = min(prob,1-prob)
    return pval

# ------------------------------------
# TEST CASE
arr = [10, 11, 12, 13, 11, 12, 10, 11, 9, 11, 15, 16, 15, 13, 11, 10]
p = run_test(arr)
print("p_value = ",p)




Thanks for the reference! Can you explain how to interpret the function's output? Higher value means it is random?





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-23 16:02:08.285000












 
Jeremy










Original Posted by - b'Hiroki':  
                                        Thanks for the reference! Can you explain how to interpret the function's output? Higher value means it is random?

The hypothesis of run test is that:Null: a given dataset is random. Alternative: the dataset is non-randomMy function computes the p-value which is usually compared to a significant level, say 5%. If p-value is less than 5%, then we have 95% confidence to say that the given sequence of dataset is non-random. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-24 15:21:32.873000












 
David










Original Posted by - b'Jeremy':  
The hypothesis of run test is that:Null: a given dataset is random. Alternative: the dataset is non-randomMy function computes the p-value which is usually compared to a significant level, say 5%. If p-value is less than 5%, then we have 95% confidence to say that the given sequence of dataset is non-random. 

Run test just looks at directional moves (either increase or decrease), but ignore its magnitude.
Another approach is to test whether the time series is self-correlated or not. One of this kind of hypothesis tests is the Ljung–Box test (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ljung%E2%80%93Box_test). Instead of testing randomness at each distinct autocorrelation lag, it tests the "overall" randomness based on a number of lags

The Ljung–Box test is summarized below:


Hypothesis

H0: returns are uncorrelated
HA: returns are correlated



Lag k autocorrelation is denoted as
ρk = Corr(rt , rt-k )  for k = 1,2, ...


Sample autocorrelation coefficient is calculated as 



Under H0, ρ0 = ρ1 = ... = ρM = 0. Test statistics is 



For large sample n, the test statistics Q asymptotically follows chi-square distribution 𝛘2(M) 


For significant level α, the critical region for rejection of the hypothesis of randomness is:
 Q > 𝛘21-α,M 









2
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-27 13:20:41.810000












 
tony lam









Variance-Ratio Test of Random Walk is also applicable. Here's the idea.



Hypothesis H0: returns are indentially and independently distributed (i.i.d).


Under H0, we have 
Var(rt + rt-1 + ... rt-q+1) = q*Var(rt) for q = 1,2,... 
or expressed as variance ratio



VR(q) can further be expressed as 



Under H0, for large sample n 










1
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-30 14:43:28.731000












 
Hiroki









@David, @tony lam, thanks for the reference =)Is there any python library for these tests? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-31 10:45:59.354000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | 交易策略有哪些分类?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Wang







交易策略有哪些分类?
Trading Strategy



弱弱问一下, 交易策略一般分哪几类? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-07-27 13:44:01.340000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,754










 
Bee Bee









大體分為三大派別：1. 技術分析 (Technical Analysis)2. 基本面分析 (Fundamental Analysis)3. 定量分析法 (Quantitative Analysis)





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-08-01 14:45:24.417000












 
Jeremy









Here are some popular trading strategies used by investment banks/ hedge funds. ArbitrageMarket NeutralRelative ValueEvent DrivenMacro EconomyLong/Short BiasHedgingMarket MakingExecution Algo





1
0




 Posted on : 2021-08-02 13:47:57.775000












 
Jeremy










Original Posted by - b'Jeremy':  
Here are some popular trading strategies used by investment banks/ hedge funds. ArbitrageMarket NeutralRelative ValueEvent DrivenMacro EconomyLong/Short BiasHedgingMarket MakingExecution Algo

You can create a trading strategy using infinitely different way. There is, in fact, no single way or complete list of classification. This list just comes from my experience. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-08-02 13:56:01.954000












 
Wang










Original Posted by - b'Jeremy':  
Here are some popular trading strategies used by investment banks/ hedge funds. ArbitrageMarket NeutralRelative ValueEvent DrivenMacro EconomyLong/Short BiasHedgingMarket MakingExecution Algo

可以举一些具体的例子吗？





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-08-12 13:02:22.513000












 
Jeremy










Original Posted by - b'Wang':  
                                        可以举一些具体的例子吗？
                                    
Here are some examples for (1) Arbitrage, Arbitrage is basically due to mis-pricing of the same item. Cross Broker Arbitrage: Suppose you have 2 trading accounts from different brokers, say Broker A and Broker B. Due to data latency, it is possible that sometimes for the same financial instrument you could get different price quotes. Suppose at a particular time of a trading day, you observe the following quotes of a stock:


Broker
Bid
Ask


A
100
102


B
103
104
Then, we can open a buy order at $102 from broker A, and simultaneously open another sell order at $103 from broker B. Here we get the arbitrage profit $1 Big Mac Arbitrage:Many Economic class should mention about this example. McDonald is a global fast food restaurant. Suppose its Big Mac are identical all over the world. Let's say you observe the following:Big Mac in Hong Kong is selling at HKD 30Big Mac in China is selling at RMB 25The exchange rate for 1 HKD is 0.8 RMB  Then, we can buy 1 Big Mac at HKD 30 in Hong Kong, sell it at RMB 25, and convert RMB back to HKD. Thus, we get (25/0.8 - 30) = HKD 1.25 arbitrage profit! 





1
0




 Posted on : 2021-08-14 12:16:01.421000












 
Zhang Jun










Original Posted by - b'Jeremy':  
                                        Here are some examples for (1) Arbitrage, Arbitrage is basically due to mis-pricing of the same item. Cross Broker Arbitrage: Suppose you have 2 trading accounts from different brokers, say Broker A and Broker B. Due to data latency, it is possible that sometimes for the same financial instrument you could get different price quotes. Suppose at a particular time of a trading day, you observe the following quotes of a stock:


Broker
Bid
Ask


A
100
102


B
103
104
Then, we can open a buy order at $102 from broker A, and simultaneously open another sell order at $103 from broker B. Here we get the arbitrage profit $1 Big Mac Arbitrage:Many Economic class should mention about this example. McDonald is a global fast food restaurant. Suppose its Big Mac are identical all over the world. Let's say you observe the following:Big Mac in Hong Kong is selling at HKD 30Big Mac in China is selling at RMB 25The exchange rate for 1 HKD is 0.8 RMB  Then, we can buy 1 Big Mac at HKD 30 in Hong Kong, sell it at RMB 25, and convert RMB back to HKD. Thus, we get (25/0.8 - 30) = HKD 1.25 arbitrage profit! 

学习了, 谢谢!





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-11-12 14:37:56.219000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Understand Stop Loss Mechanism






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Understand Stop Loss Mechanism
Economy & Market



Basic Stop Loss
Stop loss is an order exit mechanism that is commonly used for downside protection. When we submit orders to a trading system, a stop loss level specifies the price level at which the long (short) position will be automatically and immediately unwound if the underlying price drops to or below (increase to or above) such level.
The setup of stop loss level should be 

less than or equal to the current market bid price for opening a buy position
greater than or equal to the current market ask price for opening a sell position

The stop loss level is usually fixed at order opening, and will be continously monitored by trading system for market trigger. As market price changes discontinuously, a stop-loss order does not gurantee cutting loss exectly at the stop loss level, particularly during a highly volatile period.





On ALGOGENE, it can be implemented as follows:
order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
    instrument = 'BTCUSD',
    openclose = 'open', 
    buysell = 1,    #1 for buy, -1 for sell
    ordertype = 1,  #0 for market order, 1 for limit order
    volume = 0.1, 
    price = 40000,
    stopLossLevel = 39000
)
self.evt.sendOrder(order)


Trailing Stop Loss
Traders can enhance the mechanism with a trailing stop, where the stop level isn't fixed at a single point. Instead, trailing stop is set at a certain percentage/amount below the market price (or above for short position). When the price increases, it drags the trailing stop along with it. Then when the price stops rising, the new stop-loss price remains at the level it was previously dragged to. Thus, it automatically protects an investor's downside, while locking in profits when the price reaches new highs.
For example, we purchase a stock at $100, and set up a trailing amount = $2. The immediate effective stop-loss value will be $98. If the market price climbs to $110.7, your trailing stop value will rise to $108.7. If the last price now drops to $110.0, your stop value will remain intact at $108.7. If the price continues to drop, this time to $108.6, it will penetrate your stop-level, immediately triggering a market order. Your order would be submitted based on the last price of $108.6. Assuming that the bid price was $108.5 at the time, the position would be closed at this point. The net gain would be $8.5 per share.

On ALGOGENE, trailing stop can easily be implemented as follows:
order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
    instrument = 'BTCUSD',
    openclose = 'open', 
    buysell = 1,    #1 for buy, -1 for sell
    ordertype = 1,  #0 for market order, 1 for limit order
    volume = 0.1, 
    price = 40000,
    trailingstop = 0.05    #as a percentage
)
self.evt.sendOrder(order)


Combining Both
When combining the basic stop-losses with trailing stops, it's important to calculate your maximum risk tolerance. For example, you could set a stop-loss at 5% below the current stock price and the trailing stop at 8% below the current stock price. As share price increases, the trailing stop will surpass the fixed stop-loss, rendering it redundant or obsolete. Any further price increases will mean further minimizing potential losses with each upward price tick. The added protection is that the trailing stop will only move up, during market hours, the trailing feature will consistently recalculate the stop's trigger point.
Similarly, we can attach the 2 parameters together in ALGOGENE API.
order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
    instrument = 'BTCUSD',
    openclose = 'open', 
    buysell = 1,    #1 for buy, -1 for sell
    ordertype = 1,  #0 for market order, 1 for limit order
    volume = 0.1, 
    price = 40000,
    stopLossLevel = 39000,
    trailingstop = 0.05    #as a percentage
)
self.evt.sendOrder(order)







6
0




 Posted on : 2021-08-18 12:59:53.485000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,664













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guideline to import custom package






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guideline to import custom package
Programming



Suppose we already have a python package/function created on a local machine. This article will guide you through the steps to plug into ALGOGENE for backtest, live-test or real-trading.

Preparation
For example, we created a simple package called "my_model" on a desktop machine.

Figure 1 - local python package

The whole package just has an empty "__init__.py" file, with a module file "func1.py". The module file contains 3 simple functions as follows.

Figure 2 - source code in "func1"

File Upload
Then, we can upload the package to ALGOGENE as follows.

after login the platform, go to [My History] > [Custom File Viewer]
select "/lib" in the cloud directory, then drag our local packge on it

Figure 3 - upload files to ALGOGENE cloud

Upon successful upload, the cloud directory should look something like.

Figure 4 - cloud file tree

Backtest Example
Suppose we want to use "my_diff" function in "func1.py" to calculate the market spread and print the result to console. It can be done as follows:

after "self.evt" is initialized (at line 8)
use "self.evt._include(...)" to include our package in python runtime environment (at line 11)
import our desired module, and declare the module as global variable (at line 12-13)
we can then call the module functions anywhere in the backtest script (at line 19)

 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        pass
        
    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)

        # include my package to python environment, then import a function
        self.evt._include("my_model")
        global func1
        import func1
        
        self.evt.start()
        
    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # call my function
        v = func1.my_diff(md.askPrice, md.bidPrice)
        self.evt.consoleLog(v)


We can find the calculated results from console.

Figure 5 - console log

That's it!






2
0




 Posted on : 2021-08-22 14:33:01.135000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,668













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Question on backtesting?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Kim Joon Hyung







Question on backtesting?
Programming



Hi Algogene & Community!Just one question. How can Algogene's backtest call a jupyter notebook from 'My History > Jupyter Notebook'.Suppose we have our own strategy coded into a jupyter notebook.We save that jupyter notebook at 'My History > Jupyter Notebook' with the relevant dataset under the folder 'data'Now we are on the process of calling that jupyter notebook to Algogene's backtest.The sample code definitely helps but I see that the codes are inserted directly to the backtest format provided by Algogene.Will appreciate the help.PS. What a great platfrom Tony :)





1
0




 Posted on : 2021-08-26 01:26:19.767000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,809










 
Bee Bee









Seems can't do it at this moment





1
0




 Posted on : 2021-08-27 01:09:33.548000












 
tony lam









Hi Kim, it is great to hear from you. ;)So far, one can use juypter notebook on ALGOGENE for data analysis, model training, etc, but it doesn't support direct plugin of jupyter notebook for backtest/ live-test/ real-trade. We will try to explore a good way to plugin from a generic jupyter codes. I guess you have implemented some functions in jupyter for signal generation, risk control, etc. As a work around, you may wrap all those funcitions into a python package, and put it as custom library under /lib. Then, you can call them in backtest interface. Details can be referred to Guideline to import custom package





1
0




 Posted on : 2021-08-28 07:15:07.868000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect trading account with Eqonex






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect trading account with Eqonex
How it work



ALGOGENE now supports users to trade with Eqonex accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!
Open Eqonex trading accounts through our partnership link, you will be entitled to HK$300 free credits on ALGOGENE!



This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your Eqonex trading account (either demo account or real trading account). The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who is Eqonex?
Eqonex is a crypto exchange managed by Diginex Limited, a blockchain financial services and technology company listed on Nasdaq (EQOS).

Open Account from Eqonex


Sign up with an email on Eqonex

For real trading account, go to (https://eqonex.com/signup)


For demo account, go to (https://testnet.eqonex.com/)





Follow the instruction to verify your email




Get API Key from Eqonex (Real Trading Account)

Login Eqonex from https://eqonex.com/login/
Go to "Account", 


Go to "API" session, Record down the followings:

Sender Comp ID
Request Token
Request Secret




For real trading, you also need to "COMPLETE KYC" in order to trade in real money.


Get API Key from Eqonex (Demo Account)

Login Eqonex from https://testnet.eqonex.com/
Go to "Dashboard" 



Record down the followings:

Sender Comp ID
Request Token
Request Secret





Config on ALGOGENE

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Choose "Diginex" in broker dropdown
Update the connection settings as follows:

"Request Token" -> API Key
"Sender Comp ID" -> User Name
"Request Secret" -> Password




Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with Eqonex.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your Eqonex linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"


Go to [Setting] > [Algo Market] > [My Subscribed Algo Strategy], you should see your subscribed Algo is active in trading for you. You have the feasibility to "Stop copy trade" and "Start copy trade" at any time.



Happy Trading! :)







5
0




 Posted on : 2021-09-27 13:11:42.260000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,472













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | What is the purpose of "orderRef"?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Jeremy







What is the purpose of "orderRef"?
Programming



From TechDoc, I see order submission allows an input parameter for "orderRef".  I don't quite understand what it is for. Appreciate if someone can explain more, and better to provide some examples. Thank you~





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-10-01 06:44:49.412000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,669










 
tony lam









Hi Jeremy, "orderRef" is an optional parameter attached to an order object. It allows you to identify and manage your orders easily. Just like the pair trading example in TechDoc, suppose you opened multiple trading pairs at the same time. eg. order #1: buy AAAorder #2: sell BBBorder #3: buy CCCorder #4: sell DDD...Let's say, order #1 and #2 are of the same pair; and order #3 and #4 are another pair.  By defining our own pair_id (eg. order #1 and #2 use orderRef=p1; order #3 and #4 use orderRef=p2), we can then identify different pairs easily for subsequent order close condition checking.  





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-10-04 14:36:45.643000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Technical Indicator - Average True Range (ATR)






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
tony lam







Technical Indicator - Average True Range (ATR)
Quantitative Model



What is Average True Range?
The Average True Range is a technical analysis indicator, originally developed by J. Welles Wilder. ATR does not provide indication about price trend. Instead, it measures the market volatility for a given period N. A common choice of N would be 14.

Calculation
The range of a trading day is simply measured as High - Low. A True Range extends the definition to take into account of yesterday's closing price, which is taken as the maximum of:

current period's high minus the current period's low; 
the absolute value of the current period's high minus the previous close; and
the absolute value of the current period's low minus the previous close


Mathematically, true range on day t is calculated as
TRt = Max[(Ht − Lt), Abs(Ht − Ct-1), Abs(Lt − Ct-1)]
which can be simplified to:
TRt = Max(Ht , Ct-1) - Min(Lt , Ct-1)

Now, taking the average of {TRt} will produce ATR. There are 2 common forms of ATR.

Simple Moving Average ATR

Exponential Moving Average ATR



Interpretation
ATR is simple to calculate and only needs historical price data. It is used primarily to measure volatility caused by gaps or up/ down moves. A stock experiencing a high level of volatility will have a higher ATR, while low market volatility will result in a lower ATR. However, as ATR calculated for a particular stock simply measures its own range of price movement over a period, its value is not comparable to other stocks. 
The ATR is commonly used as an exit method. For example, if a trader observe the current ATR increase significantly from the previous value, it probably means the market is highly fluctuating and therefore, the trader could unwind some of his positions to reduce the risk.
ATR sometimes can be used for position sizing for order entry. For example, current ATR value (or a multiple of it) can be used as the stop-loss distance when calculating the trade volume based on trader's risk tolerance. In this case, ATR provides a dynamic risk limit dependent on the market volatility.

Limitation
There are several limitations for ATR indicator.

ATR only measures volatility and not the direction of price trend, which can sometimes result in mixed signals, particularly when markets are experiencing pivots or when trends are at turning points.
ATR is a subjective measure. There is no reference point telling you whether the current market is volatile or not. ATR should always be compared against earlier values to get a feel of a trend's strength or weakness.


Implementation
There is a technical analysis python package 'ta-lib' that provides the EMA form of ATR computation.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7from talib import ATR

arrHigh = [...]
arrLow = [...]
arrClose = [...]

arrATR = ATR(arrHigh, arrLow, arrClose, _period)


On the other hand, as the formula is fairly simple, we can also code on our own.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17def my_ATR(obs,n):
    _n = len(obs)
    if _n<n:
        return []
    arrTR = [None]*_n
    arrATR = [None]*_n
    i = 0
    last_k = None
    for k in obs:
        if last_k!=None:
            arrTR[i] = max(k["h"], last_k["c"]) - min(k["l"], last_k["c"])
        last_k = k
        i+=1
    arrATR[n] = sum(arrTR[1:n+1])/float(n)
    for i in range(n+1,_n):
        arrATR[i] = (arrATR[i-1]*(n-1) + arrTR[i])/float(n)
    return arrATR


Example
Suppose we have collected below 50 candle observations.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52[
    {"t":"2021-04-21", "o":29451.15, "h":29342.311, "l":28692.311, "c":28953.55},
    {"t":"2021-04-22", "o":28953.55, "h":29233.099, "l":28719.85, "c":28670.75},
    {"t":"2021-04-23", "o":28670.75, "h":28774.158, "l":28468.75, "c":28724.45},
    {"t":"2021-04-24", "o":28724.45, "h":28819, "l":28547.852, "c":28732.65},
    {"t":"2021-04-27", "o":28732.65, "h":29213.1, "l":28711.793, "c":29099.35},
    {"t":"2021-04-28", "o":29099.35, "h":29250.599, "l":28711.793, "c":28832.35},
    {"t":"2021-04-29", "o":28832.35, "h":29051.646, "l":28806.593, "c":28913.85},
    {"t":"2021-04-30", "o":28913.85, "h":29137.311, "l":28854.35, "c":29185.452},
    {"t":"2021-05-01", "o":29185.452, "h":29418.111, "l":29064.505, "c":29171.652},
    {"t":"2021-05-03", "o":29171.652, "h":28685.6, "l":28685.6, "c":28685.6},
    {"t":"2021-05-04", "o":28685.6, "h":28700, "l":28678.45, "c":28697},
    {"t":"2021-05-05", "o":28697, "h":28712.05, "l":28197.617, "c":28408.65},
    {"t":"2021-05-06", "o":28408.65, "h":28621.5, "l":28165.705, "c":28415.85},
    {"t":"2021-05-07", "o":28415.85, "h":28691.705, "l":28306.15, "c":28541.95},
    {"t":"2021-05-08", "o":28541.95, "h":28837.764, "l":28356.65, "c":28707.15},
    {"t":"2021-05-11", "o":28707.15, "h":28892.752, "l":28571.65, "c":28814.35},
    {"t":"2021-05-12", "o":28814.35, "h":28892.752, "l":28404, "c":28228.45},
    {"t":"2021-05-13", "o":28228.45, "h":28295.905, "l":27762.746, "c":27966.1},
    {"t":"2021-05-14", "o":27966.1, "h":28212.064, "l":27835.15, "c":27893.85},
    {"t":"2021-05-15", "o":27893.85, "h":28052.358, "l":27616.2, "c":27893.05},
    {"t":"2021-05-18", "o":27893.05, "h":28245.45, "l":27703.746, "c":28139.85},
    {"t":"2021-05-19", "o":28139.85, "h":28289.9, "l":27703.746, "c":28307.55},
    {"t":"2021-05-21", "o":28307.55, "h":28635.764, "l":28307.25, "c":28342.15},
    {"t":"2021-05-22", "o":28342.15, "h":28635.764, "l":28252.397, "c":28573.95},
    {"t":"2021-05-25", "o":28573.95, "h":28620.517, "l":28269.858, "c":28396.95},
    {"t":"2021-05-26", "o":28396.95, "h":28620.517, "l":28163.25, "c":28521.85},
    {"t":"2021-05-27", "o":28521.85, "h":29015.6, "l":28458.65, "c":29026.25},
    {"t":"2021-05-28", "o":29026.25, "h":29261.25, "l":29003.15, "c":29090.75},
    {"t":"2021-05-29", "o":29090.75, "h":29251.45, "l":28976.05, "c":29200.65},
    {"t":"2021-06-01", "o":29200.65, "h":29378.35, "l":29086.7, "c":29245.35},
    {"t":"2021-06-03", "o":29245.35, "h":29451.15, "l":29451.15, "c":29451.15},
    {"t":"2021-06-04", "o":29451.15, "h":29537.164, "l":29220.95, "c":29273.45},
    {"t":"2021-06-05", "o":29273.45, "h":29400.197, "l":28887.817, "c":28904.95},
    {"t":"2021-06-07", "o":28904.95, "h":29095.3, "l":28741.064, "c":29027.9},
    {"t":"2021-06-08", "o":29027.9, "h":29095.3, "l":28741.064, "c":29036.8},
    {"t":"2021-06-09", "o":29036.8, "h":29040.25, "l":28632.711, "c":28876.15},
    {"t":"2021-06-10", "o":28876.15, "h":29015.617, "l":28653.146, "c":28794.2},
    {"t":"2021-06-11", "o":28794.2, "h":28901.305, "l":28707.75, "c":28741.8},
    {"t":"2021-06-12", "o":28741.8, "h":28987.417, "l":28671.95, "c":28759.95},
    {"t":"2021-06-14", "o":28759.95, "h":28999.552, "l":28742.8, "c":28838.5},
    {"t":"2021-06-15", "o":28838.5, "h":28999.552, "l":28742.8, "c":28841.9},
    {"t":"2021-06-16", "o":28841.9, "h":28891.3, "l":28763.8, "c":28866.3},
    {"t":"2021-06-17", "o":28866.3, "h":28986.6, "l":28438.25, "c":28616.8},
    {"t":"2021-06-18", "o":28616.8, "h":28649.8, "l":28244.4, "c":28249.8},
    {"t":"2021-06-19", "o":28249.8, "h":28630.6, "l":28170.5, "c":28567.85},
    {"t":"2021-06-21", "o":28567.85, "h":28853.7, "l":28502.05, "c":28537.7},
    {"t":"2021-06-22", "o":28537.7, "h":28853.7, "l":28502.05, "c":28536.7},
    {"t":"2021-06-23", "o":28536.7, "h":28670.4, "l":28309, "c":28642.4},
    {"t":"2021-06-24", "o":28642.4, "h":28650.4, "l":28236, "c":28425.15},
    {"t":"2021-06-25", "o":28425.15, "h":28914.15, "l":28396, "c":28765.65}
]


Now, we are interested in calculating a 14-day ATR.
  1
  2
  3
  4
  5
  6
  7
  8
  9
 10
 11
 12
 13
 14
 15
 16
 17
 18
 19
 20
 21
 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
 28
 29
 30
 31
 32
 33
 34
 35
 36
 37
 38
 39
 40
 41
 42
 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 49
 50
 51
 52
 53
 54
 55
 56
 57
 58
 59
 60
 61
 62
 63
 64
 65
 66
 67
 68
 69
 70
 71
 72
 73
 74
 75
 76
 77
 78
 79
 80
 81
 82
 83
 84
 85
 86
 87
 88
 89
 90
 91
 92
 93
 94
 95
 96
 97
 98
 99
100
101
102
103
104
105
106
107
108
109%matplotlib inline
import numpy as np
from talib import ATR


obs = [
    {"t":"2021-04-21", "o":29451.15, "h":29342.311, "l":28692.311, "c":28953.55},
    {"t":"2021-04-22", "o":28953.55, "h":29233.099, "l":28719.85, "c":28670.75},
    {"t":"2021-04-23", "o":28670.75, "h":28774.158, "l":28468.75, "c":28724.45},
    {"t":"2021-04-24", "o":28724.45, "h":28819, "l":28547.852, "c":28732.65},
    {"t":"2021-04-27", "o":28732.65, "h":29213.1, "l":28711.793, "c":29099.35},
    {"t":"2021-04-28", "o":29099.35, "h":29250.599, "l":28711.793, "c":28832.35},
    {"t":"2021-04-29", "o":28832.35, "h":29051.646, "l":28806.593, "c":28913.85},
    {"t":"2021-04-30", "o":28913.85, "h":29137.311, "l":28854.35, "c":29185.452},
    {"t":"2021-05-01", "o":29185.452, "h":29418.111, "l":29064.505, "c":29171.652},
    {"t":"2021-05-03", "o":29171.652, "h":28685.6, "l":28685.6, "c":28685.6},
    {"t":"2021-05-04", "o":28685.6, "h":28700, "l":28678.45, "c":28697},
    {"t":"2021-05-05", "o":28697, "h":28712.05, "l":28197.617, "c":28408.65},
    {"t":"2021-05-06", "o":28408.65, "h":28621.5, "l":28165.705, "c":28415.85},
    {"t":"2021-05-07", "o":28415.85, "h":28691.705, "l":28306.15, "c":28541.95},
    {"t":"2021-05-08", "o":28541.95, "h":28837.764, "l":28356.65, "c":28707.15},
    {"t":"2021-05-11", "o":28707.15, "h":28892.752, "l":28571.65, "c":28814.35},
    {"t":"2021-05-12", "o":28814.35, "h":28892.752, "l":28404, "c":28228.45},
    {"t":"2021-05-13", "o":28228.45, "h":28295.905, "l":27762.746, "c":27966.1},
    {"t":"2021-05-14", "o":27966.1, "h":28212.064, "l":27835.15, "c":27893.85},
    {"t":"2021-05-15", "o":27893.85, "h":28052.358, "l":27616.2, "c":27893.05},
    {"t":"2021-05-18", "o":27893.05, "h":28245.45, "l":27703.746, "c":28139.85},
    {"t":"2021-05-19", "o":28139.85, "h":28289.9, "l":27703.746, "c":28307.55},
    {"t":"2021-05-21", "o":28307.55, "h":28635.764, "l":28307.25, "c":28342.15},
    {"t":"2021-05-22", "o":28342.15, "h":28635.764, "l":28252.397, "c":28573.95},
    {"t":"2021-05-25", "o":28573.95, "h":28620.517, "l":28269.858, "c":28396.95},
    {"t":"2021-05-26", "o":28396.95, "h":28620.517, "l":28163.25, "c":28521.85},
    {"t":"2021-05-27", "o":28521.85, "h":29015.6, "l":28458.65, "c":29026.25},
    {"t":"2021-05-28", "o":29026.25, "h":29261.25, "l":29003.15, "c":29090.75},
    {"t":"2021-05-29", "o":29090.75, "h":29251.45, "l":28976.05, "c":29200.65},
    {"t":"2021-06-01", "o":29200.65, "h":29378.35, "l":29086.7, "c":29245.35},
    {"t":"2021-06-03", "o":29245.35, "h":29451.15, "l":29451.15, "c":29451.15},
    {"t":"2021-06-04", "o":29451.15, "h":29537.164, "l":29220.95, "c":29273.45},
    {"t":"2021-06-05", "o":29273.45, "h":29400.197, "l":28887.817, "c":28904.95},
    {"t":"2021-06-07", "o":28904.95, "h":29095.3, "l":28741.064, "c":29027.9},
    {"t":"2021-06-08", "o":29027.9, "h":29095.3, "l":28741.064, "c":29036.8},
    {"t":"2021-06-09", "o":29036.8, "h":29040.25, "l":28632.711, "c":28876.15},
    {"t":"2021-06-10", "o":28876.15, "h":29015.617, "l":28653.146, "c":28794.2},
    {"t":"2021-06-11", "o":28794.2, "h":28901.305, "l":28707.75, "c":28741.8},
    {"t":"2021-06-12", "o":28741.8, "h":28987.417, "l":28671.95, "c":28759.95},
    {"t":"2021-06-14", "o":28759.95, "h":28999.552, "l":28742.8, "c":28838.5},
    {"t":"2021-06-15", "o":28838.5, "h":28999.552, "l":28742.8, "c":28841.9},
    {"t":"2021-06-16", "o":28841.9, "h":28891.3, "l":28763.8, "c":28866.3},
    {"t":"2021-06-17", "o":28866.3, "h":28986.6, "l":28438.25, "c":28616.8},
    {"t":"2021-06-18", "o":28616.8, "h":28649.8, "l":28244.4, "c":28249.8},
    {"t":"2021-06-19", "o":28249.8, "h":28630.6, "l":28170.5, "c":28567.85},
    {"t":"2021-06-21", "o":28567.85, "h":28853.7, "l":28502.05, "c":28537.7},
    {"t":"2021-06-22", "o":28537.7, "h":28853.7, "l":28502.05, "c":28536.7},
    {"t":"2021-06-23", "o":28536.7, "h":28670.4, "l":28309, "c":28642.4},
    {"t":"2021-06-24", "o":28642.4, "h":28650.4, "l":28236, "c":28425.15},
    {"t":"2021-06-25", "o":28425.15, "h":28914.15, "l":28396, "c":28765.65}
]


# use TA-LIB to calculate
arrHigh = np.array([k["h"] for k in obs])
arrLow = np.array([k["l"] for k in obs])
arrClose = np.array([k["c"] for k in obs])
arrATR = ATR(arrHigh,arrLow,arrClose,14)



# verify with our defined function
def my_ATR(obs,n):
    _n = len(obs)
    if _n<n:
        return []
    arrTR = [None]*_n
    arrATR = [None]*_n
    i = 0
    last_k = None
    for k in obs:
        if last_k!=None:
            #arrTR[i] = max(obs[k]["h"], obs[last_k]["c"]) - min(obs[k]["l"], obs[last_k]["c"])
            arrTR[i] = max(k["h"], last_k["c"]) - min(k["l"], last_k["c"])
        last_k = k
        i+=1
    arrATR[n] = sum(arrTR[1:n+1])/float(n)
    for i in range(n+1,_n):
        arrATR[i] = (arrATR[i-1]*(n-1) + arrTR[i])/float(n)
    return arrATR


arrATR2 = my_ATR(obs,14)


# print result
print("arrATR=",arrATR)
print("arrATR2=",arrATR2)



# plot 
x = np.array([i for i in range(len(obs))])
y = np.array([k["c"] for k in obs])
y2 = arrATR
plt.figure()
plt.style.use(['dark_background']) 
fig, axs = plt.subplots(2)
axs[0].set_title('Closing Price')
axs[0].plot(x, y, linestyle='-', color='b')
axs[1].set_title('ATR')
axs[1].plot(x, y2, linestyle='-', color='g')
plt.show()


Result
As we can see, TA-LAB calculated result is consistent with our function. 


Now we have better understanding about ATR indicator. In the coming post, let's explore some trading strategy using ATR!


Like and follow me
If you find my articles inspiring, like this post and follow me here to receive my latest updates.
Enter my promote code "AjpQDMOSmzG2" for any purchase on ALGOGENE, you will automatically get 5% discount.







3
0




 Posted on : 2021-10-20 03:14:39.550000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,996










 
I can beat Buffett









Very well explanation! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-11-11 11:39:27.557000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | A simple ATR strategy






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
tony lam







A simple ATR strategy
Trading Strategy



In this article, we will implement a simple trading strategy using the ATR indicator.

Trading Idea:
From the discussion in the previous post, ATR itself does not provide indication about price trend. Instead, it is used to measure market volatility. A stock with a high level of volatility usually has a higher ATR, and similarly, a stock with a lower volatility has a lower ATR.
An old trading saying that "Market take the stairs up and the elevator down." This phenomenon is explained by the fear factor from Behavioral Finance, which is the way how the equity market has been functioning for centuries. As seen from the chart below, during downtrends, the ATR indicator tends to post higher volatility than during up trend. 


Thus, we can use ATR as a stop loss indicator for order exit and to protect downside risk (so called Chandelier Exit). The chandelier exit places a trailing stop under the highest high the stock reached since you entered the trade. The distance between the highest high and the stop level is defined as some multiple of the ATR. For example,

if you buy a stock at $100 and the ATR value is 3, you may place a stop loss at 2 x ATR below the entry price. i.e. 100-2*3 = $94,
if you short-sell a stock at $100 and the ATR is 3, you may place a stop loss at 2 x ATR above the entry price. i.e. 100+2*3 = $106
when the market price continues to rise (drop for a sell order), we will revise the stop loss level upward (downward) with the newly calculated ATR multiple



Trading Logic:
Suppose we use RSI(14) for order entry (refer to Technical Indicator - Relative Strength Index (RSI)) and ATR(14) for order exit, and apply this strategy to the daily closing price of Nikkei 225 Index CFD (i.e. JPXJPY) over the year of 2020.

Based on a sliding window approach to collect the previous 14 closing price
Calculate the latest ATR and RSI values
Order open conditions:

if we have NO outstanding position,

if RSI value < 30, we open a buy order with stoploss level set to current price - 2*ATR 
if RSI value > 70, we open a sell order with stoploss level set to current price + 2*ATR


Order close conditions:

if we have outstanding position,

if we previously submit a buy order, update the stop-loss level to the maximum of the previous stop-loss and (current price - 2*ATR)
if we previously submit a sell order, update the stop-loss level to the minimum of the previous stop-loss and (current price + 2*ATR)


Repeat the process until the backtest period end


Now, let's write down our trading algorithm step-by-step.

Step 1. Calculate RSI and ATR value
First of all, we define 'RSI_period', 'ATR_period' and 'instrument' at initialization.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
from talib import RSI, ATR
import numpy as np

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.RSI_period = 14
        self.ATR_period = 14
        self.instrument = "JPXJPY"

We use the API function getHistoricalBar to collect historical observations. Then, we apply a python library 'talib.RSI', 'talib.ATR' to calculate the latest RSI and ATR value.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):
            # get last 14 closing price
            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar({"instrument":self.instrument}, self.RSI_period+1, "D")
            arrClose = np.array([res[t]['c'] for t in res])
            arrHigh = np.array([res[t]['h'] for t in res])
            arrLow = np.array([res[t]['l'] for t in res])
            
            # calculate the current RSI value
            RSI_cur = RSI(arrClose, self.RSI_period)[-1]

            # calculate the current ATR value
            ATR_cur = ATR(arrHigh, arrLow, arrClose, self.ATR_period)[-1]
            
            # print out RSI and ATR value to console
            self.evt.consoleLog("RSI_cur, ATR_cur = ", RSI_cur, ATR_cur)

            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp


Step 2. Order Entry Conditions
We further define 'rsi_overbought', 'rsi_oversold' and 'ATR_multiple' at initialization.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
from talib import RSI, ATR
import numpy as np

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.RSI_period = 14
        self.ATR_period = 14
        self.instrument = "JPXJPY"
        self.rsi_overbought = 70
        self.rsi_oversold = 30
        self.ATR_multiple = 2

We also create a function 'open_order' to handle order submissions.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22    def open_order(self, buysell, current_price, ATR):

        # set stop loss level to be 2*ATR below current price for buy order
        if buysell==1:
            sl = current_price - self.ATR_multiple*ATR

        # set stop loss level to be 2*ATR above current price for buy order
        else:
            sl = current_price + self.ATR_multiple*ATR

        # create order object
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
            instrument = self.instrument,
            openclose = 'open',
            buysell = buysell,    #1=buy, -1=sell
            ordertype = 0,        #0=market, 1=limit
            volume = 0.01,
            stopLossLevel = sl
        )

        # send order to server
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)

Now, we update the system's function 'on_marketdatafeed' for order open logic.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):

            # get last 14 closing price
            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar({"instrument":self.instrument}, self.RSI_period+1, "D")
            arrClose = np.array([res[t]['c'] for t in res])
            arrHigh = np.array([res[t]['h'] for t in res])
            arrLow = np.array([res[t]['l'] for t in res])
            
            # calculate the current RSI value
            RSI_cur = RSI(arrClose, self.RSI_period)[-1]

            # calculate the current ATR value
            ATR_cur = ATR(arrHigh, arrLow, arrClose, self.ATR_period)[-1]
            
            # print out RSI and ATR value to console
            self.evt.consoleLog("RSI_cur, ATR_cur = ", RSI_cur, ATR_cur)


            # get outstanding position
            pos, osOrder, pendOrder = self.evt.getSystemOrders()

            # open an order if we have no outstanding position
            if pos[self.instrument]["netVolume"]==0:

                # open a sell order if it is overbought
                if RSI_cur>self.rsi_overbought:
                    self.open_order(-1, md.lastPrice, ATR_cur)
                    
                # open a buy order if it is oversold
                elif RSI_cur<self.rsi_oversold:
                    self.open_order(1, md.lastPrice, ATR_cur)


            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp


Step 3. Order Close Condition
For order closing logic, we recalculate and update the new stop loss level in 'on_marketdatafeed' function. (refer to line 36 - 49)
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):

            # get last 14 closing price
            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar({"instrument":self.instrument}, self.RSI_period+1, "D")
            arrClose = np.array([res[t]['c'] for t in res])
            arrHigh = np.array([res[t]['h'] for t in res])
            arrLow = np.array([res[t]['l'] for t in res])
            
            # calculate the current RSI value
            RSI_cur = RSI(arrClose, self.RSI_period)[-1]

            # calculate the current ATR value
            ATR_cur = ATR(arrHigh, arrLow, arrClose, self.ATR_period)[-1]
            
            # print out RSI and ATR value to console
            self.evt.consoleLog("RSI_cur, ATR_cur = ", RSI_cur, ATR_cur)


            # get outstanding position
            pos, osOrder, pendOrder = self.evt.getSystemOrders()

            # open an order if we have no outstanding position
            if pos[self.instrument]["netVolume"]==0:

                # open a sell order if it is overbought
                if RSI_cur>self.rsi_overbought:
                    self.open_order(-1, md.lastPrice, ATR_cur)
                    
                # open a buy order if it is oversold
                elif RSI_cur<self.rsi_oversold:
                    self.open_order(1, md.lastPrice, ATR_cur)

            else:
                # calculate the new ATR trailing stop loss level
                for tradeID in list(osOrder):
                    buysell = osOrder[tradeID]["buysell"]
                    sl = osOrder[tradeID]["stopLossLevel"]
                    
                    if buysell==1:
                        sl = max(sl, md.lastPrice-self.ATR_multiple*ATR_cur)


                    elif buysell==-1:
                        sl = min(sl, md.lastPrice+self.ATR_multiple*ATR_cur)

                    # update to new stop loss level
                    self.evt.update_opened_order(tradeID=tradeID, sl=sl)


            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp


Full Source Code
Combining all above, the full script is presented below.
  1
  2
  3
  4
  5
  6
  7
  8
  9
 10
 11
 12
 13
 14
 15
 16
 17
 18
 19
 20
 21
 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
 28
 29
 30
 31
 32
 33
 34
 35
 36
 37
 38
 39
 40
 41
 42
 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 49
 50
 51
 52
 53
 54
 55
 56
 57
 58
 59
 60
 61
 62
 63
 64
 65
 66
 67
 68
 69
 70
 71
 72
 73
 74
 75
 76
 77
 78
 79
 80
 81
 82
 83
 84
 85
 86
 87
 88
 89
 90
 91
 92
 93
 94
 95
 96
 97
 98
 99
100
101
102
103
104
105
106
107
108
109
110
111
112
113
114
115
116
117
118
119
120from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
from talib import RSI, ATR
import numpy as np

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.RSI_period = 14
        self.ATR_period = 14
        self.instrument = "JPXJPY"
        self.rsi_overbought = 70
        self.rsi_oversold = 30
        self.ATR_multiple = 2

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()


    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):

            # get last 14 closing price
            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar({"instrument":self.instrument}, self.RSI_period+1, "D")
            arrClose = np.array([res[t]['c'] for t in res])
            arrHigh = np.array([res[t]['h'] for t in res])
            arrLow = np.array([res[t]['l'] for t in res])
            
            # calculate the current RSI value
            RSI_cur = RSI(arrClose, self.RSI_period)[-1]

            # calculate the current ATR value
            ATR_cur = ATR(arrHigh, arrLow, arrClose, self.ATR_period)[-1]
            
            # print out RSI and ATR value to console
            self.evt.consoleLog("RSI_cur, ATR_cur = ", RSI_cur, ATR_cur)


            # get outstanding position
            pos, osOrder, pendOrder = self.evt.getSystemOrders()

            # open an order if we have no outstanding position
            if pos[self.instrument]["netVolume"]==0:

                # open a sell order if it is overbought
                if RSI_cur>self.rsi_overbought:
                    self.open_order(-1, md.lastPrice, ATR_cur)
                    
                # open a buy order if it is oversold
                elif RSI_cur<self.rsi_oversold:
                    self.open_order(1, md.lastPrice, ATR_cur)

            else:
                # calculate the new ATR trailing stop loss level
                for tradeID in list(osOrder):
                    buysell = osOrder[tradeID]["buysell"]
                    sl = osOrder[tradeID]["stopLossLevel"]
                    
                    if buysell==1:
                        sl = max(sl, md.lastPrice-self.ATR_multiple*ATR_cur)


                    elif buysell==-1:
                        sl = min(sl, md.lastPrice+self.ATR_multiple*ATR_cur)

                    # update to new stop loss level
                    self.evt.update_opened_order(tradeID=tradeID, sl=sl)


            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp


    def open_order(self, buysell, current_price, ATR):

        # set stop loss level to be 2*ATR below current price for buy order
        if buysell==1:
            sl = current_price - self.ATR_multiple*ATR

        # set stop loss level to be 2*ATR above current price for buy order
        else:
            sl = current_price + self.ATR_multiple*ATR

        # create order object
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
            instrument = self.instrument,
            openclose = 'open',
            buysell = buysell,    #1=buy, -1=sell
            ordertype = 0,        #0=market, 1=limit
            volume = 0.01,
            stopLossLevel = sl
        )

        # send order to server
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)


    def on_bulkdatafeed(self, isSync, bd, ab):
        pass

    def on_newsdatafeed(self, nd):
        pass

    def on_weatherdatafeed(self, wd):
        pass
    
    def on_econsdatafeed(self, ed):
        pass
        
    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        pass
            
    def on_dailyPLfeed(self, pl):
        pass

    def on_openPositionfeed(self, op, oo, uo):
        pass


Results
Now, we are prepared to backtest this strategy.
Backtest Settings:

Instrument:   JPXJPY
Period:   2020.01 - 2020.12
Initial Capital:   US$10,000
Data Interval:   1-day bar
Leverage:   100
Allow Shortsell:   True


Backtest Result


Final Thoughts
Some highlights for applying ATR in a trading strategy as below:

ATR is mainly used to determine order exit condition, but not for order entry
Multi-period ATRs (eg. 5 and 14) could be used to compare and have a sense about the recent "market volatility"
The rule of thumb for ATR period is 14

Is there any better choice?
Can this value be dynamically changing?
Will it be generally applicable to other financial instruments/ asset classes?




Like and follow me
If you find my articles inspiring, like this post and follow me here to receive my latest updates.
Enter my promote code "AjpQDMOSmzG2" for any purchase on ALGOGENE, you will automatically get 5% discount.







1
0




 Posted on : 2021-11-14 11:42:18.539000





 Email
 Facebook



 6,841













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Reference book to learn quant trading?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Gupta







Reference book to learn quant trading?
Quantitative Model



I am a newbie for quant trading, and I am very interested to start a career in this field. Appreciate if anyone can share some good reference books here. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-11-27 14:28:37.872000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,948










 
Bee Bee









Quant trading actually consists of a wide range of knowledge from mathematics, finance, and programming. The list below is categorized to the best of my knowledge. Hope you will find it useful! General Reading and StoryFundamentalsProgrammingStatistics, Mathematics and Time-Series AnalysisEconomics and Finance1. General Reading and StoryMy Life as a Quant by Emanuel DermanQuant Job Interview Questions and Answers by Mark JoshiFischer Black & the Revolutionary Idea of Finance by Perry M.Inside the Black Box by Rishi K. NarangThe Wealth of Nations by Adam SmithThe Man Who Solved the Market: How Jim Simons Launched the Quant Revolution by Gregory Zuckerman (2019)Algorithmic Trading: Winning Strategies and Their Rationale by Ernest P. Chan (2013)2. FundamentalsFundamentals of Futures and Options Markets by John C. HullEssentials of Investments by Zvi Bodie, Alex Kane & Alan MarcusFinancial Modeling by Simon Benninga3. ProgrammingPython for Data Analysis by Wes McKinneyModern Computational Finance by Antoine SavineMastering Python by Michael B. WhiteApplied Computational Economics and Finance by Mario J. & Paul L.Advances in Financial Machine Learning by Marcos Lopez de Prado4. Statistics, Mathematics and Time-Series AnalysisAnalysis of Financial Time Series by Ruey S. TsayThe Art and Science of Technical Analysis by Adam H. GrimesAn Introduction to Statistical Learning by Gareth J. & Trevor H.Statistical Inference by George Casella & Roger BergerMathematics for Economics by Carl P. Simon & Lawrence E. BlumeA Primer For The Mathematics Of Financial Engineering by Dan S.The Concepts and Practice of Mathematical Finance by Mark JoshiFinancial Calculus by Martin Baxter &Andrew RennieMathematical Methods for Financial Markets by Monique J.Stochastic Calculus and Applications by Samuel N. & Robert J.5. Economics and FinanceIntroductory Econometrics: A Modern Approach by Jeffrey W.Advanced Financial Risk Management by Donald R. & Deventer K.Financial Decisions and Markets: A Course in Asset Pricing by John Y.Expected Returns: A Guide to Harvesting Market Rewards by I. Anti





3
0




 Posted on : 2021-11-29 07:24:29.430000












 
I can beat Buffett









In last century, trading systems began as chart analysis, where patterns and rules are specified, entry points identified, and trades follow. However, as the financial market become more and more efficient, these kind of rule-based algorithms become less profitable. Therefore, many traders nowadays are exploring the applicability of machine learning and artificial intelligence to design a trading system. In moving to machine learning, traders change their mindset from rules to data.Rule: define a rule, then see what happens later.Data: identify a desirable trade, then see what happened earlier.In order to compete in trading, your system will need to have some machine learning programs to handle market changes. Here some good textbooks to prepare you for machine learning. Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning by Christopher M. BishopMachine Learning: A Probabilistic Perspective by Kevin P MurphyReinforcement Learning by Richard S. Sutton, Andrew G. Barto





1
0




 Posted on : 2021-11-29 07:47:44.476000












 
tony lam










Original Posted by - b'I can beat Buffett':  
In last century, trading systems began as chart analysis, where patterns and rules are specified, entry points identified, and trades follow. However, as the financial market become more and more efficient, these kind of rule-based algorithms become less profitable. Therefore, many traders nowadays are exploring the applicability of machine learning and artificial intelligence to design a trading system. In moving to machine learning, traders change their mindset from rules to data.Rule: define a rule, then see what happens later.Data: identify a desirable trade, then see what happened earlier.In order to compete in trading, your system will need to have some machine learning programs to handle market changes. Here some good textbooks to prepare you for machine learning. Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning by Christopher M. BishopMachine Learning: A Probabilistic Perspective by Kevin P MurphyReinforcement Learning by Richard S. Sutton, Andrew G. Barto

It's true that algorithmic trading is changing from "rule" to "data". 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-11 15:04:58.212000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Paper Trade with ALGOGENE Live Simulator






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Paper Trade with ALGOGENE Live Simulator
How it work



What is paper trading?
Paper Trading (also called Live Testing, Demo Trading, or Mock Trading) is a real-time simulation of trade which allows an investor to practice buying and selling without risking real money. The term "paper trade" dates back to a time when online trading platforms were not widely common. At that time, a paper trader recorded all trades by hand to keep track of hypothetical trading positions, and profits or losses.
The development of online trading platforms and software has increased the ease and popularity of paper trading. Nowadays, many brokers (eg. Interactive Brokers, IG, OANDA, etc) offer clients paper trade accounts which allow investors to trade live markets without the commitment of actual capital. Nearly everything about the demo account is the same as their real trading account, except the investor is not trading real money.

Why paper trading is important?
No matter you are already an experienced algo trader or totally new to the financial market, the paper trading process can help you to: 

get familiar how to navigate a trading platform and make trades
evaluate investment ideas/ strategies/ algorithms using a live and unseen dataset


How to paper trade with ALGOGENE?
All registered users are entitled to a live-test account on ALOGGENE. With the live-test account, you can either bind to an external broker's demo account or use ALGOGENE simulator for live paper trading.

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to [Settings] page, then [Trade Account]
Go to section [Live Test], click account config


In the broker list, select ALGOGENE


You can also adjust the amount of virtual money in the paper account through the deposit/withdrawal button


Once the account has been setup, you are now ready for paper trade. ALGOGENE provides the feasibility for users to paper trade either in manually, semi- or fully-automatically.

fully automatic algo execution
manual trade input
hybrid trade execution


1. Deploy Trading Algorithm

Under [Settings] page, go to [Trade Account] > [Live Test] section, click "Execute Algo"


choose any one of your backtested script and deploy to paper trading


Go to [Live Test] page. Your trading robot is active now!


You also have the feasibility to edit your script from livetest/real-trade interface. Here are the steps:

Go to [Live Test] or [Real Trade] depending on your case
Go to [Account Details], select your trading account and click "Stop Algo"

Now, go to [Account Details] > [Script], re-write or update your trading logics, then press button "Run" (you can refer to Tech Doc for ALGOGENE Web APIs)




2. Manual Trading

Go to [Live Test] page, then go to [ACCOUNT DETAILS] section
Click a live-test account, say #1000


On the right panel, search your desired trading instrument, and click "Trade"


Input your trade detail, and click "SUBMIT"









6
0




 Posted on : 2021-12-05 11:43:58.847000





 Email
 Facebook



 3,013










 
admin









Backtest and live setup on ALGOGENE is mostly identical, except that:


import "AlgoAPI_Livetest" or "AlgoAPI_Livetrade", instead of "AlgoAPI_Backtest"


To ensure our trading logic executed in a desired time interval, a good practice is to add a timer control in our script. Example as below: 








0
0




 Posted on : 2022-01-28 03:51:21.820000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect Trading Account with Tickmill






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect Trading Account with Tickmill
How it work



As an introducing broker with Tickmill, users can now trade with Tickmill accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!
Create trading accounts with our unique IB Code IB68203578, you will be entitled to 3-month free credits on ALGOGENE!



This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your Tickmill trading account (either demo account or real trading account). The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who is Tickmill?
Tickmill (https://www.tickmill.com/) is a securities brokerage firm headquartered in UK. It provides brokerage services mainly for FX, precious metals and Equity Indice CFDs.

Client Onboarding on Tickmill

Sign up on Tickmill website (https://secure.tickmill.com/users/register)


Follow the instruction to verify your email/mobile



Create trading account

Login Tickmill from https://secure.tickmill.com/users/login
Go to "Trading Accounts", click "+ OPEN NEW ACCOUNT"




"IB Select" chooses "New Introducing Broker"
"IB Code" enters IB68203578
"Platforms" chooses "MT5"
For "Account Type", please refer to https://www.tickmill.com/trading/accounts-overview for your preference





Get Trading Account Connection Info

After "CREATE" account from previous step, you will receive an email from Tickmill.
Get the following:
        
Account Number
Trading Password
Server






Config on ALGOGENE

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Choose "Tickmill" in broker dropdown
Update the connection settings as follows:

"Account Number" -> User Name
"Trading Password" -> Password
"Server" -> MT5 Server




Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with Tickmill.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your Tickmill linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"


Go to [Setting] > [Algo Market] > [My Subscribed Algo Strategy], you should see your subscribed Algo is active in trading for you. You have the feasibility to "Stop copy trade" and "Start copy trade" at any time.



Happy Trading! :)






2
0




 Posted on : 2021-12-19 13:10:04.194000





 Email
 Facebook



 4,110













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to query on-the-run future data?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
David







How to query on-the-run future data?
Programming



Hello community! According to REST API Doc, I know I can query historical OHLC data for plain instrument using /history_price. However, for future contract like HSIFUT, it requires specifying expiry date in request parameters. For my case, I want to get all the historical on-the-run future data. Is there a simpler way to get the data at once, instead of repeatedly sending requests for different expiry date?





0
0




 Posted on : 2021-12-31 09:27:18.635000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,495










 
admin









Our API newly supports query of combined future chain data. In request parameter 'chain_dated', you can set value '1' to get OHLC for all spot month contracts.
REST API
Please refer to the "Future (combined chain)" example at Deverloper API Doc.

Web API
Technical details please refer to secion Query Historical Market Data in Web API Doc.
Here is a simple example to implement on the Web IDE. 
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
import pandas as pd

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.data = []
        
    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()
        
    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        if len(self.data)==0:

            # get last 60 closing price of the Spot month future 
            self.data = self.evt.getHistoricalBar(contract={"instrument":"HSIFUT"}, numOfBar=40, interval="D", chain_dated=1)

            # make data frame
            df = pd.DataFrame([self.data[i] for i in self.data])

            # print to console
            self.evt.consoleLog(df)


From console output, we can see the 2 spot-month future contracts (i.e. expiry date 2021/04/29 and 2021/05/28) are concat in 1 time series. 








1
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-01 12:42:01.933000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Is economic data available in tick environment only?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
William Cheung







Is economic data available in tick environment only?
Programming



In backtesting, it seems economic data stream is only available in tick environment. Is it possible to use econ data for other time intervals? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-01-08 02:48:42.944000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,625










 
admin









Hi William, if you are interested in a particular time series, you can use API function "getHistoricalEconstat" (https://algogene.com/TechDoc#QueryHistoryEcon).
This API function is available in non-tick environment as well, which allows data query based on a given economic series ID.
The example below is trying to get an economic timeseries every quarter.

Code:


Console Result:







2
0




 Posted on : 2022-01-09 07:44:41.602000












 
William Cheung










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
Hi William, if you are interested in a particular time series, you can use API function "getHistoricalEconstat" (https://algogene.com/TechDoc#QueryHistoryEcon).
This API function is available in non-tick environment as well, which allows data query based on a given economic series ID.
The example below is trying to get an economic timeseries every quarter.

Code:


Console Result:



Thank you. I tested that "getHistoricalNews" is also availiable to query news data for non-tick environment. ^v^





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-20 04:37:36.077000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | ALGOGENE Market Data Solutions






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







ALGOGENE Market Data Solutions
Programming




What market data is available on ALGOGENE?
The list below will get update from time to time.


ASSET CLASSSYMBOLDESCRIPTIONAVAILABLE FROM

IndexAUXAUDAustralia ASX 200 Stock Index2010-11
IndexCNXUSDChina A50 Stock Index (settled in USD)2011-08
IndexETXEUREurozone EUROSTOXX 50 Stock Index2010-11
IndexFRXEURFrench CAC 40 Stock Index2010-11
IndexGRXEURGerman DAX 30 Stock Index2010-11
IndexHKXHKDHong Kong HSI Stock Index2003-01
IndexINXUSDIndia NIFTY 50 Stock Index (settled in USD)2011-08
IndexJPXJPYJapanese NIKKEI 225 Stock Index (settled in USD)2003-03
IndexNLXEURNetherlands NL25 Stock Index (settled in EUR)2008-01
IndexNSXUSDUS NASDAQ 100 Stock Index2010-11
IndexSGXSGDSingapore STI 30 Stock Index2004-01
IndexSPXUSDUS S&P 500 Stock Index2003-03
IndexTWXUSDTaiwan TWSE50 Stock Index (settled in USD)2011-08
IndexUDXUSDUS DOLLAR INDEX2019-01
IndexUKXGBPUK FTSE 100 Stock Index2010-11
IndexUS2000USDUS small-cap Russell 2000 Index2003-03
IndexUS30USDDow Jones Industrial Average Index2003-03
CommodityCORNUSDCorn2003-03
CommoditySOYBNUSDSoybeans2003-02
CommoditySUGARUSDNY Sugar No. 112003-02
CommodityWHEATUSDWheat2003-03
EnergyBCOUSDBrent Crude Oil2010-11
EnergyNATGASUSDNatural Gas2003-01
EnergyWTIUSDWest Texas Oil2003-01
MetalXAGAUDSilver2006-03
MetalXAGCADSilver2006-03
MetalXAGCHFSilver2006-03
MetalXAGEURSilver2006-03
MetalXAGGBPSilver2006-03
MetalXAGHKDSilver2008-06
MetalXAGJPYSilver2006-03
MetalXAGNZDSilver2006-03
MetalXAGSGDSilver2008-06
MetalXAGUSDSilver2006-03
MetalXAUAUDGold2009-05
MetalXAUCADGold2006-03
MetalXAUCHFGold2009-05
MetalXAUEURGold2009-05
MetalXAUGBPGold2009-05
MetalXAUHKDGold2008-06
MetalXAUJPYGold2006-03
MetalXAUNZDGold2006-03
MetalXAUSGDGold2008-06
MetalXAUUSDGold2009-03
MetalXAUXAGGold2006-03
MetalXCUUSDCopper2003-02
MetalXPDUSDPalladium2005-01
MetalXPTUSDPlatinum2005-01
Interest RateBUNDEUREuro-Bund2003-03
Interest RateTN2YUSDUS 2Y Treasury Note2003-02
Interest RateTN5YUSDUS 5Y Treasury Note2003-02
Interest RateTN10YUSDUS 10Y Treasury Note2003-02
Interest RateTN30YUSDUS 30Y Treasury Note2003-02
CryptoBTCUSDBitcoin2016-01
CryptoBCHUSDBitcoin Cash vs US Dollar2018-03
CryptoBTCJPYBitcoin vs Japanese Yen2019-11
CryptoBTCKRWBitcoin vs Korean Won2019-12
CryptoETHUSDEthereum2018-02
CryptoLTCUSDLitecoin2018-02
ForexAUDCADAustralian Dollar VS Canadian Dollar2008-01
ForexAUDCHFAustralian Dollar VS Swiss Franc2008-03
ForexAUDDKKAustralian Dollar vs Danish Krona2015-08
ForexAUDGBPAustralian Dollar vs Great Britain Pound2015-08
ForexAUDHKDAustralian Dollar VS Hong Kong Dollar2004-05
ForexAUDJPYAustralian Dollar VS Japanese Yen2002-08
ForexAUDMXNAustralian Dollar vs Mexican Peso2015-08
ForexAUDNOKAustralian Dollar vs Norwegian Krona2015-08
ForexAUDNZDAustralian Dollar VS New Zealand Dollar2004-05
ForexAUDPLNAustralian Dollar vs Zloty2015-08
ForexAUDSEKAustralian Dollar vs Swedish Krona2015-08
ForexAUDSGDAustralian Dollar VS Singaporean Dollar2004-05
ForexAUDTRYAustralian Dollar vs New Turkish Lira2015-08
ForexAUDUSDAustralian Dollar VS US Dollar2001-02
ForexAUDZARAustralian Dollar vs South African Rand2015-08
ForexCADCHFCanadian Dollar VS Swiss Franc2008-04
ForexCADHKDCanadian Dollar VS Hong Kong Dollar2004-05
ForexCADJPYCanadian Dollar VS Japanese Yen2004-05
ForexCADMXNCanadian Dollar vs Mexican Peso2015-08
ForexCADNOKCanadian Dollar vs Norwegian Krona2015-08
ForexCADPLNCanadian Dollar vs Zloty2015-08
ForexCADSGDCanadian Dollar VS Singaporean Dollar2004-05
ForexCADTRYCanadian Dollar vs New Turkish Lira2015-08
ForexCHFDKKSwiss Franc vs Danish Krona2015-08
ForexCHFHKDSwiss Franc VS Hong Kong Dollar2004-05
ForexCHFJPYSwiss Franc VS Japanese Yen2002-08
ForexCHFMXNSwiss Franc vs Mexican Peso2015-08
ForexCHFNOKSwiss Franc vs Norwegian Krona2015-08
ForexCHFPLNSwiss Franc vs Zloty2015-08
ForexCHFSEKSwiss Franc vs Swedish Krona2015-08
ForexCHFSGDSwiss Franc vs Singapore Dollar2015-08
ForexCHFTRYSwiss Franc vs New Turkish Lira2015-08
ForexCHFZARSwiss Franc VS South African Rand2004-05
ForexDKKJPYDanish Krona vs Japanese Yen2015-08
ForexDKKPLNDanish Krona vs Zloty2015-08
ForexDKKSGDDanish Krona vs Singapore Dollar2015-08
ForexDKKZARDanish Krona vs South African Rand2015-08
ForexEURAUDEuro VS Australian Dollar2002-08
ForexEURCADEuro VS Canadian Dollar2008-01
ForexEURCHFEuro VS Swiss Franc2002-03
ForexEURCZKEuro VS Czech Koruna2010-11
ForexEURDKKEuro VS Danish Krone2008-08
ForexEURGBPEuro VS British Pound2002-03
ForexEURHKDEuro VS Hong Kong Dollar2004-05
ForexEURHUFEuro VS Hungarian Forint2010-11
ForexEURJPYEuro VS Japanese Yen2002-03
ForexEURMXNEuro vs Mexican Peso2015-08
ForexEURNOKEuro VS Norwegian Krone2008-08
ForexEURNZDEuro VS New Zealand Dollar2008-03
ForexEURPLNEuro VS Polish Zloty2010-11
ForexEURSEKEuro VS Swedish krona2008-08
ForexEURSGDEuro VS Singaporean Dollar2004-05
ForexEURTRYEuro VS Turkish Lira2010-11
ForexEURUSDEuro VS US Dollar2000-05
ForexEURZAREuro VS South African Rand2004-05
ForexGBPAUDBritish Pound VS Australian Dollar2007-09
ForexGBPCADBritish Pound VS Canadian Dollar2007-09
ForexGBPCHFBritish Pound VS Swiss Franc2002-08
ForexGBPDKKGreat Britain Pound vs Danish Krona2015-08
ForexGBPHKDBritish Pound VS Hong Kong Dollar2004-05
ForexGBPILSGreat Britain Pound vs New Israeli Shekel2015-08
ForexGBPJPYBritish Pound VS Japanese Yen2002-05
ForexGBPMXNGreat Britain Pound vs Mexican Peso2015-08
ForexGBPNOKGreat Britain Pound vs Norwegian Krona2015-08
ForexGBPNZDBritish Pound VS New Zealand Dollar2008-03
ForexGBPPLNBritish Pound VS Polish Zloty2004-05
ForexGBPSEKGreat Britain Pound vs Swedish Krona2015-08
ForexGBPSGDBritish Pound VS Singaporean Dollar2004-05
ForexGBPTRYGreat Britain Pound vs New Turkish Lira2015-08
ForexGBPUSDBritish Pound VS US Dollar2000-05
ForexGBPZARBritish Pound VS South African Rand2004-05
ForexHKDJPYHng Kong Dollar VS Japanese Yen2004-05
ForexMXNJPYMexican Peso vs Japanese Yen2015-08
ForexNOKDKKNorwegian Krona vs Danish Krona2015-08
ForexNOKJPYNorwegian Krona vs Japanese Yen2015-08
ForexNOKSEKNorwegian Krona vs Swedish Krona2015-08
ForexNZDCADNew Zealand Dollar VS Canadian Dollar2008-03
ForexNZDCHFNew Zealand Dollar VS Swiss Franc2008-03
ForexNZDDKKNew Zealand Dollar vs Danish Krona2015-08
ForexNZDHKDNew Zealand Dollar VS Hong Kong Dollar2008-06
ForexNZDJPYNew Zealand Dollar VS Japanese Yen2006-09
ForexNZDMXNNew Zealand Dollar vs Mexican Peso2015-08
ForexNZDNOKNew Zealand Dollar vs Norwegian Krona2015-08
ForexNZDPLNNew Zealand Dollar vs Zloty2015-08
ForexNZDSEKNew Zealand Dollar vs Swedish Krona2015-08
ForexNZDSGDNew Zealand Dollar VS Singaporean Dollar2008-06
ForexNZDTRYNew Zealand Dollar vs New Turkish Lira2015-08
ForexNZDUSDNew Zealand Dollar VS US Dollar2002-09
ForexNZDZARNew Zealand Dollar vs South African Rand2020-12
ForexPLNDKKZloty vs Danish Krona2015-08
ForexPLNJPYZloty vs Japanese Yen2015-08
ForexPLNSEKZloty vs Swedish Krona2015-08
ForexSEKDKKSwedish Krona vs Danish Krona2015-08
ForexSEKJPYSwedish Krona vs Japanese Yen2015-08
ForexSEKNOKSwedish Krona vs Norwegian Krona2015-08
ForexSGDCHFSingaporean Dollar Dollar VS Swiss Franc2004-05
ForexSGDHKDSingaporean Dollar VS Hong Kong Dollar2018-10
ForexSGDJPYSingaporean Dollar Dollar VS Japanese Yen2008-08
ForexTRYDKKNew Turkish Lira vs Danish Krona2015-08
ForexTRYJPYTurkish Lira VS Japanese Yen2007-02
ForexTRYZARNew Turkish Lira vs South African Rand2015-08
ForexUSDAEDUS Dollar vs United Arab Emirates Dirham2017-01
ForexUSDAMDUS Dollar vs Armenian Dram2017-04
ForexUSDARSUS Dollar vs Argentine Peso2017-04
ForexUSDAZNUS Dollar vs Azerbaijani Manat2017-04
ForexUSDBDTUS Dollar vs Bangladeshi taka2017-04
ForexUSDBGNUS Dollar vs Bulgarian Lev2019-05
ForexUSDBHDUS Dollar vs Bahraini Dinar2017-04
ForexUSDBNDUS Dollar vs Brunei Dollar2017-04
ForexUSDBRLUS Dollar vs Brazilian Real2017-04
ForexUSDCADUS Dollar VS Canadian Dollar2000-06
ForexUSDCHFUS Dollar VS Swiss Franc2000-05
ForexUSDCLPUS Dollar vs Chilean Peso2017-04
ForexUSDCNHUS Dollar VS offshore Chinese Yuan2011-02
ForexUSDCOPUS Dollar vs Colombian Peso2017-04
ForexUSDCZKUS Dollar VS Czech Koruna2010-11
ForexUSDDKKUS Dollar VS Danish Krone2008-08
ForexUSDDZDUS Dollar vs Algerian Dinar2017-04
ForexUSDEGPUS Dollar vs Egyptian Pound2017-01
ForexUSDGELUS Dollar vs Georgian Lari2017-01
ForexUSDGHSUS Dollar vs Ghanaian Cedi2017-04
ForexUSDHKDUS Dollar VS Hong Kong DOLLAR2010-11
ForexUSDHRKUS Dollar vs Croatian Kuna2015-08
ForexUSDHUFUS Dollar VS Hungarian Forint2010-11
ForexUSDIDRUS Dollar vs Rupiah2017-04
ForexUSDILSUS Dollar vs New Israeli Shekel2015-08
ForexUSDINRUS Dollar VS Indonesian Rupiah2007-02
ForexUSDISKUS Dollar vs Iceland Krona2017-01
ForexUSDJODUS Dollar vs Jordanian Dinar2017-01
ForexUSDJPYUS Dollar VS Japanese Yen2000-05
ForexUSDKESUS Dollar vs Kenyan Shilling2017-04
ForexUSDKGSUS Dollar vs Brunei Dollar2017-04
ForexUSDKRWUS Dollar vs South Korea Won2017-01
ForexUSDKZTUS Dollar vs Kazakhstan Tenge2017-01
ForexUSDLBPUS Dollar vs Lebanese Pound2017-04
ForexUSDLKRUS Dollar vs Sri Lankan Rupee2017-04
ForexUSDMADUS Dollar vs Moroccan Dirham2017-04
ForexUSDMXNUS Dollar VS Mexican Peso2010-11
ForexUSDMYRUS Dollar vs Malaysian Ringgit2017-04
ForexUSDNGNUS Dollar vs Nigerian naira2017-04
ForexUSDNOKUS Dollar VS Norwegian Krone2008-08
ForexUSDNPRUS Dollar vs Nepalese Rupee2017-04
ForexUSDOMRUS Dollar vs Omani Rial2017-04
ForexUSDPHPUS Dollar vs Philippine Peso2017-04
ForexUSDPKRUS Dollar vs Pakistan Rupee2017-04
ForexUSDPLNUS Dollar VS Polish Zloty2010-11
ForexUSDQARUS Dollar vs Qatari Riyal2017-04
ForexUSDRONUS Dollar vs Romanian Leu New2017-01
ForexUSDRUBUS Dollar vs Russian Ruble2015-08
ForexUSDSARUS Dollar VS Saudi Riyal2004-01
ForexUSDSEKUS Dollar VS Swedish krona2008-08
ForexUSDSGDUS Dollar VS Singaporean Dollar2008-08
ForexUSDSYPUS Dollar vs Syrian Pound2017-04
ForexUSDTHBUS Dollar VS Thai Baht2004-01
ForexUSDTJSUS Dollar vs Tajikistan Somoni2017-04
ForexUSDTMTUS Dollar vs Turkmenistan Manat2017-04
ForexUSDTNDUS Dollar vs Tunisian Dinar2017-04
ForexUSDTRYUS Dollar VS Turkish Lira2010-11
ForexUSDTWDUS Dollar vs New Taiwan Dollar2017-01
ForexUSDUAHUS Dollar vs Hryvnia2017-01
ForexUSDUGXUS Dollar vs Uganda Shilling2017-04
ForexUSDUZSUS Dollar vs Uzbekistan Som2017-01
ForexUSDVNDUS Dollar vs Vietnamese dong2017-04
ForexUSDVUVUS Dollar vs Vatu2017-04
ForexUSDXOFUS Dollar vs West African CFA2017-04
ForexUSDZARUS Dollar VS South African Rand2010-11
ForexZARJPYSouth African Rand VS Japanese Yen2010-11
Equity (US)AAPLApple Inc.1980-12
Equity (US)ABBVAbbVie Inc.1980-12
Equity (US)ABTAbbott Laboratories1980-03
Equity (US)ADBEAdobe Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)ADPAutomatic Data Processing, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)AMDAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)AMGNAmgen Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)AMTAmerican Tower Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)AMZNAmazon.com, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)ATVIActivision Blizzard, Inc1980-03
Equity (US)AVGOBroadcom Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)BABAAlibaba Group Holding Limited1980-03
Equity (US)BACBank of America Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)BIIBBiogen Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)BMYBristol-Myers Squibb Company1979-12
Equity (US)CCitigroup Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)CHTRCharter Communications, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)CMCSAComcast Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)CMECME Group Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)COSTCostco Wholesale Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)CSCOCisco Systems, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)CSXCSX Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)CVSCVS Health Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)EAElectronic Arts Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)EBAYeBay Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)EQIXEquinix, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)GILDGilead Sciences, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)GOOGAlphabet Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)HDHome Depot, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)IBKRINTERACTIVE BROKERS GRO-CL A2007-05
Equity (US)IBMInternational Business Machines Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)INTCIntel Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)INTUIntuit Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)ISRGIntuitive Surgical, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)JNJJohnson & Johnson1979-12
Equity (US)JPMJ P Morgan Chase & Co1979-12
Equity (US)KOCoca-Cola Company1979-12
Equity (US)LINLinde plc1979-12
Equity (US)LLYEli Lilly and Company1979-12
Equity (US)LMTLockheed Martin Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)MAMastercard Incorporated1979-12
Equity (US)MCDMcDonalds Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)MDLZMondelez International, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)MMM3M Company1979-12
Equity (US)MOAltria Group, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)MRKMerck & Company, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)MSMorgan Stanley1979-12
Equity (US)MSFTMicrosoft Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)NFLXNetflix, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)NKENike, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)NVDANVIDIA Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)ORCLOracle Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)PEPPepsiCo, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)PFEPfizer, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)PGProcter & Gamble Company1979-12
Equity (US)PMPhilip Morris International Inc1979-12
Equity (US)PYPLPayPal Holdings, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)REGNRegeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)SBUXStarbucks Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)TAT&T Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)TMOThermo Fisher Scientific Inc1979-12
Equity (US)TMUST-Mobile US, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)TSLATesla Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)UNHUnitedHealth Group Incorporated1979-12
Equity (US)UPSUnited Parcel Service, Inc.1979-12
CryptoNEOUSDCNeo vs Cash USD2019-03
CryptoBNBUSDTBinance Coin vs USD Token2018-02
CryptoQTUMUSDTQtum vs USD Token2018-03
CryptoEOSUSDCEOS vs Cash USD2018-12
CryptoBNTUSDTBancor vs USD Token2020-02
CryptoDNTUSDTDistrict0x vs USD Token2020-11
CryptoZRXUSDT0X vs USD Token2019-02
CryptoOMGUSDTOmiseGO2019-04
CryptoWTCUSDTWaltonchain vs USD Token2020-04
CryptoLRCUSDTLoopring vs USD Token2020-06
CryptoTRXEURTron vs EUR2021-04
CryptoTRXUSDTTron vs USD Token2018-06
CryptoFUNUSDTFunFair vs USD Token2019-08
CryptoKNCUSDKyberNetwork vs USD Token2020-06
CryptoXVGUSDTVerge vs USD Token2021-06
CryptoIOTAUSDTIOTA vs USD Token2018-05
CryptoLINKUSDTChainlink vs USD Token2019-01
CryptoCVCUSDTCivic vs USD Token2019-08
CryptoMTLUSDTMetal vs USD Token2019-08
CryptoNULSUSDTNULS vs USD Token2018-07
CryptoSTXUSDTStacks vs USD Token2019-10
CryptoETCUSDTEthereum Classic vs USD Token2018-06
CryptoZECUSDTZcash vs USD Token2019-03
CryptoBATUSDTBasic Attention Token vs USD Token2019-03
CryptoDASHUSDTDash vs USD Token2019-03
CryptoBTGUSDTBitcoin Gold vs USD Token2021-04
CryptoXMRUSDTMonero vs USD Token2019-03
CryptoENJUSDTEnjin Coi vs USD Token2019-04
CryptoSTORJUSDTStorj vs USD Token2020-07
CryptoKMDUSDTKomodo vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoDATAUSDTData vs USD Token2020-04
CryptoMANAUSDTDecentraland vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoGXSUSDTGXShares vs USD Token2020-05
CryptoBTSUSDTBitShares vs USD Token2020-02
CryptoLSKUSDTLisk vs USD Token2020-02
CryptoADAUSDTCardano vs USD Token2018-04
CryptoXLMUSDTStellar Lumens vs USD Token2018-05
CryptoWAVESUSDTWaves vs USD Token2019-01
CryptoGTOUSDTGifto vs USD Token2019-07
CryptoICXUSDTICON Cryptocurrency vs USD Token2018-06
CryptoAIONUSDTAion vs USD Token2020-02
CryptoRLCUSDTiExec RLC vs USD Token2019-11
CryptoIOSTUSDTIOST vs USD Token2019-03
CryptoNANOUSDTNano vs USD Token2019-04
CryptoBLZUSDTBluzelle vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoONTUSDTOntology vs USD Token2018-06
CryptoZILUSDTZilliqa vs USD Token2019-02
CryptoXEMUSDTXEM vs USD Token2020-11
CryptoWANUSDTWanchain vs USD Token2019-08
CryptoZENUSDTHorizen vs USD Token2020-07
CryptoTHETAUSDTTheta vs USD Token2019-04
CryptoIOTXUSDTIoTeX vs USD Token2019-11
CryptoSCUSDTSiacoin vs USD Token2020-07
CryptoKEYUSDTKey vs USD Token2019-08
CryptoMFTUSDTMainframe vs USD Token2019-08
CryptoDENTUSDTDent vs USD Token2019-08
CryptoARDRUSDTArdor vs USD Token2020-05
CryptoHOTUSDTHolo vs USD Token2019-02
CryptoVETUSDTVeChain VET vs USD Token2018-07
CryptoDOCKUSDTDock vs USD Token2019-08
CryptoVTHOUSDTVeThor Token vs USD Token2020-07
CryptoONGUSDTOntology Gas vs USD Token2019-02
CryptoRVNUSDTRavencoin vs USD Token2019-09
CryptoDCRUSDTDecred vs USD Token2020-07
CryptoMITHUSDTMithri vs USD Token2019-04
CryptoRENUSDTRen vs USD Token2019-09
CryptoBTTUSDTBitTorrent vs USD Token2019-01
CryptoFETUSDTFetch.ai vs USD Token2019-02
CryptoTFUELUSDTTheta Fuel vs USD Token2019-05
CryptoCELRUSDTCeler Network vs USD Token2019-03
CryptoMATICUSDTPolygon (Matic Network) vs USD Token2019-04
CryptoATOMUSDTCosmos vs USD Token2019-04
CryptoONEUSDTHarmony One vs USD Token2019-06
CryptoFTMUSDTFantom vs USD Token2019-06
CryptoCOSUSDTContentos vs USD Token2019-08
CryptoALGOUSDTAlgorand vs USD Token2019-06
CryptoDOGEUSDTDogecoin vs USD Token2019-07
CryptoDUSKUSDTDusk Network vs USD Token2019-07
CryptoANKRUSDTAnkr vs USD Token2019-07
CryptoWINUSDTWINkLink vs USD Token2019-08
CryptoCOCOSUSDTCocos-BCX vs USD Token2021-01
CryptoTOMOUSDTTomoChain vs USD Token2019-08
CryptoBANDUSDTBand Protocol vs USD Token2019-09
CryptoBEAMUSDTBeam vs USD Token2019-09
CryptoHBARUSDTHedera Hashgrap vs USD Token2019-09
CryptoXTZUSDTTezos vs USD Token2019-09
CryptoDGBUSDTDigiByte vs USD Token2020-07
CryptoNKNUSDTNew Kind of Network vs USD Token2019-10
CryptoKAVAUSDTKava.io vs USD Token2019-10
CryptoARPAUSDTARPA Chain vs USD Token2019-11
CryptoCTXCUSDTCortex vs USD Token2019-11
CryptoTROYUSDTTroy vs USD Token2019-12
CryptoVITEUSDTVite vs USD Token2019-12
CryptoFTTUSDTFTX Token vs USD Token2019-12
CryptoOGNUSDTOrigin Protocol vs USD Token2020-01
CryptoDREPUSDTDREP Foundation vs USD Token2021-04
CryptoTCTUSDTTokenClub vs USD Token2020-01
CryptoWRXUSDTWazirX vs USD Token2020-02
CryptoLTOUSDTLTO Network vs USD Token2020-02
CryptoMBLUSDTMovieBloc vs USD Token2020-02
CryptoCOTIUSDTCOTI vs USD Token2020-02
CryptoHIVEUSDTHIVE vs USD Token2020-04
CryptoSTPTUSDTStandard Tokenization Protocol vs USD Token2020-03
CryptoSOLUSDTSolana vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoCTSIUSDTCartesi vs USD Token2020-04
CryptoCHRUSDTChromia vs USD Token2020-05
CryptoBTCUPUSDTLong Bitcoin with Up to 3x Leverage vs USD Token2020-05
CryptoBTCDOWNUSDTShort Bitcoin with Up to 3x Leverage vs USD Token2020-05
CryptoHNTUSDTHelium vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoJSTUSDTJUST vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoFIOUSDTFIO Protocol vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoSTMXUSDTStormX vs USD Token2020-06
CryptoMDTUSDTMeasurable Data Token vs USD Token2020-06
CryptoPNTUSDTpNetwork vs USD Token2020-06
CryptoCOMPUSDTCompound vs USD Token2020-06
CryptoIRISUSDTIRISnet vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoMKRUSDTMaker vs USD Token2020-07
CryptoSXPUSDTSwip vs USD Token2020-07
CryptoSNXUSDTSynthetix Network Token vs USD Token2020-07
CryptoDOTUSDTPolkadot vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoRUNEUSDTTHORChain vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoAVAUSDTAvalon vs USD Token2020-11
CryptoBALUSDTBalancer vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoYFIUSDTYearn Finance vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoSRMUSDTSerum vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoANTUSDTAragon vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoCRVUSDTCurve DAO Token vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoSANDUSDTThe Sandbox vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoOCEANUSDTOcean Protocol vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoNMRUSDTNumeraire vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoLUNAUSDTTerra vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoRSRUSDTReserve Rights Token vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoPAXGUSDTPAX Gold vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoWNXMUSDTWrapped NXM vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoTRBUSDTTellor vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoEGLDUSDTElrond vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoBZRXUSDTbZx Protocol vs USD Token2020-08
CryptoKSMUSDTKusama vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoSUSHIUSDTSushiSwap vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoYFIIUSDTDFI.Money vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoDIAUSDTDIA Coin vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoBELUSDTBella Protocol vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoUMAUSDTUMA vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoNBSUSDTNew BitShares vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoWINGUSDTWings vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoUNIUSDTUniswap vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoOXTUSDTOrchid vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoSUNUSDTSUN vs USD Token2021-06
CryptoAVAXUSDTAvalanche vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoBURGERUSDTBurger Swap vs USD Token2021-04
CryptoBAKEUSDTBakeryToken vs USD Token2021-04
CryptoFLMUSDTFlamingo vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoXVSUSDTVenus vs USD Token2020-10
CryptoCAKEUSDTPancakeSwap vs USD Token2021-02
CryptoALPHAUSDTAlpha Coin vs USD Token2020-10
CryptoORNUSDTOrion Protocol vs USD Token2020-09
CryptoUTKUSDTUtrust vs USD Token2020-10
CryptoNEARUSDTNEAR Protocol vs USD Token2020-10
CryptoAAVEUSDTAave vs USD Token2020-10
CryptoFILUSDTFilecoin vs USD Token2020-10
CryptoINJUSDTInjective Protocol vs USD Token2020-10
CryptoCTKUSDTCryptyk Tokens vs USD Token2020-10
CryptoAUDIOUSDTAudius vs USD Token2020-10
CryptoAXSUSDTAxie Infinity vs USD Token2020-11
CryptoAKROUSDTAkropolis vs USD Token2020-11
CryptoHARDUSDTHard Fork vs USD Token2020-11
CryptoSLPUSDTSmall Love Potion vs USD Token2021-04
CryptoSTRAXUSDTStratis (STRAX) vs USD Token2020-11
CryptoUNFIUSDTUnifi Protocol vs USD Token2020-11
CryptoROSEUSDTOasis Network vs USD Token2020-11
CryptoSKLUSDTSKALE Network vs USD Token2020-12
CryptoJUVUSDTJuventus Fan Token vs USD Token2020-12
CryptoPSGUSDTParis Saint-Germain Fan Token vs USD Token2020-12
CryptoGRTUSDTThe Graph vs USD Token2020-12
CryptoCELOUSDTCelo vs USD Token2021-01
CryptoTWTUSDTTrust Wallet Token vs USD Token2021-01
CryptoREEFUSDTReef vs USD Token2020-12
CryptoOGUSDTOG Fan Token vs USD Token2020-12
CryptoASRUSDTAS Roma Fan Token vs USD Token2020-12
Crypto1INCHUSDT1inch Network vs USD Token2020-12
CryptoRIFUSDTRSK Infrastructure Framework vs USD Token2021-01
CryptoBTCSTUSDTBitcoin Standard Hashrate Token vs USD Token2021-03
CryptoTRUUSDTTrueFi vs USD Token2021-01
CryptoDEXEUSDTDeXe token vs USD Token2021-07
CryptoCKBUSDTNervos Network vs USD Token2021-01
CryptoFIROUSDTFiro vs USD Token2021-01
CryptoLITUSDTLition vs USD Token2021-02
CryptoSFPUSDTSafePal vs USD Token2021-02
CryptoDODOUSDTDODO vs USD Token2021-02
CryptoACMUSDTActinium vs USD Token2021-02
CryptoPHAUSDTPhala Network vs USD Token2021-06
CryptoBADGERUSDTBadger DAO vs USD Token2021-03
CryptoFISUSDTStafi vs USD Token2021-03
CryptoOMUSDTMANTRA DAO vs USD Token2021-03
CryptoPONDUSDTMarlin POND vs USD Token2021-03
CryptoALICEUSDTMy Neighbor Alice vs USD Token2021-03
CryptoDEGOUSDTDego Finance vs USD Token2021-03
CryptoLINAUSDTLinear Finance vs USD Token2021-03
CryptoXRPUSDRipple vs USD Token2018-05
IndexVIXFUTVIX Index futures2004-03
IndexVIXVolatility Index based on SP500 index options1990-01
IndexVHSIHSI Volatility Index2001-01
IndexHKTURNHong Kong Stock Turnover Index1992-09
Interest RateUSGG3MUnited States 3-Month Bond Yield1980-01
Interest RateUSGG6MUnited States 6-Month Bond Yield1980-01
IndexMXCNMSCI China All Shares Stock Connect Select Index1992-12
IndexHSIHong Kong HSI Stock Index1980-01
IndexKOSPIKorea Composite Stock Price Index1980-01
IndexNKYNikkei 225 Stock Average Index1980-01
IndexTWSETaiwan Stock Exchange Weighted Index1980-01
Equity (KR)069500KSSamsung KODEX 200 ETF2002-10
Equity (KR)102110KSMirae Asset TIGER 200 ETF2008-04
Equity (KR)148020KSKB KBSTAR 200 Securities ETF2011-10
Equity (TYO)1360JPNikkei225 Bear -2x ETF2014-11
Equity (TYO)1308JPListed Index Fund TOPIX2002-01
Equity (TYO)1305JPDaiwa ETF TOPIX2001-07
Equity (TYO)1348JPMAXIS TOPIX ETF2009-05
Equity (TWSE)00632RTTYuanta Daily Taiwan 50 Bear -1X ETF2014-10
Equity (TWSE)0050TTYuanta/P-shares Taiwan Top 50 ETF2003-06
Equity (TWSE)006208TTFubon Taiwan 50 Index ETF Fund2012-07
Equity (TWSE)00631LTTYUANTA/P-shares Taiwan Top 50 2X Bull ETF2014-10
Equity (TWSE)006204TTSinopac TAIEX ETF2011-09
Equity (US)SPYUSSPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust1993-01
Equity (US)VOOUSVanguard S&P 500 ETF2010-09
Equity (HKEX)2800HKTracker Fund of Hong Kong ETF1999-11
Equity (HKEX)7200HKCSOP Hang Seng Index Daily (2x) Leveraged ETF2017-03
Equity (HKEX)7300HKCSOP Hang Seng Index Daily (-1x) Leveraged ETF2017-03
Equity (HKEX)3037HKCSOP Hang Seng Index ETF2021-05
Equity (HKEX)7336HKGlobal X Hang Seng Index Daily (-1x) Inverse ETF2017-03
Equity (HKEX)2828HKHang Seng China Enterprises Index ETF2003-12
Equity (HKEX)7288HKCSOP Hang Seng China Etp Dly (2X) Leveraged ETF2017-03
Equity (HKEX)7588HKCSOP Hang Seng China Enterprises Index Daily (-2x) Leveraged ETF2007-01
IndexHSIFUTHang Seng Index Futures1992-04
IndexHSCEIFUTHang Seng China Enterprises Index Futures2003-12
IndexTOPIXFUTThe Tokyo Stock Price Index (TOPIX) Futures1990-05
Interest RateUSGG2YUnited States 2-Year Bond Yield1980-01
Interest RateUSGG3YUnited States 3-Year Bond Yield1980-01
Interest RateUSGG5YUnited States 5-Year Bond Yield1980-01
Interest RateUSGG7YUnited States 7-Year Bond Yield1980-01
Interest RateUSGG10YUnited States 10-Year Bond Yield1980-01
Interest RateUSGG30YUnited States 30-Year Bond Yield1980-01
IndexHSCEIHang Seng China Enterprises Index1993-07
IndexHSTECHHang Seng Internet and Information Technology Index2014-12
IndexKOSPIFUTEurex Daily Futures on KOSPI-200 Futures2021-03
IndexTWSEFUTFTSE-TWSE Index Future2003-06
IndexSP500FUTE-Mini S&P 500 Future 1982-04
Interest RateGCNY3MChina 3-Month Bond Yield2011-03
Interest RateGCNY6MChina 6-Month Bond Yield2011-03
Interest RateGCNY1YChina 1-Year Bond Yield2005-07
Interest RateGCNY3YChina 3-Year Bond Yield2005-09
Interest RateGCNY5YChina 5-Year Bond Yield2005-07
Interest RateGCNY7YChina 7-Year Bond Yield2005-07
Interest RateGCNY10YChina 10-Year Bond Yield2005-07
Interest RateGCNY30YChina 30-Year Bond Yield2016-08
ForexGBPCZKGreat Britain Pound vs Czech Koruna2007-04
ForexGBPHUFBritish Pound vs Hungarian Forint2012-06
IndexAFRICA40South Africa JSE Top 40 Stock Index2012-01
IndexITALY40Italy 40 Stock Index2009-10
IndexSPAIN35Spain 35 Stock Index2009-10
IndexSWISS20Switzerland 20 Stock Index2013-08
IndexUSTECUS Tech 100 Index2012-08
Interest RateEURBOBLEuro Bobl Cash - FGBM2016-02
Interest RateEURBUXLEuro Buxl Cash - FGBX2016-02
Interest RateEURSCHAEuro Schatz Cash - FGBS2016-02
Equity (HKEX)00001HKCKH HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00002HKCLP HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00003HKHK & CHINA GAS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00004HKWHARF HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00005HKHSBC HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00006HKPOWER ASSETS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00007HKWISDOM WEALTH2000-09
Equity (HKEX)00008HKPCCW2003-01
Equity (HKEX)00009HKKEYNE LTD2001-09
Equity (HKEX)00010HKHANG LUNG GROUP2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00011HKHANG SENG BANK2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00012HKHENDERSON LAND2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00013HKHUTCHMED2021-06
Equity (HKEX)00014HKHYSAN DEV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00016HKSHK PPT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00017HKNEW WORLD DEV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00018HKORIENTAL E H2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00019HKSWIRE PACIFIC A2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00020HKSENSETIME-W2022-01
Equity (HKEX)00021HKGREAT CHI PPT2004-07
Equity (HKEX)00022HKMEXAN2003-10
Equity (HKEX)00023HKBANK OF E ASIA2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00025HKCHEVALIER INT'L2003-06
Equity (HKEX)00026HKCHINA MOTOR BUS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00027HKGALAXY ENT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00028HKTIAN AN2004-03
Equity (HKEX)00029HKDYNAMIC HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00030HKBAN LOONG HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00031HKCHINA AEROSPACE2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00032HKCROSS-HAR(HOLD)2000-05
Equity (HKEX)00033HKAMBER HILL FIN2007-11
Equity (HKEX)00034HKKOWLOON DEV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00035HKFE CONSORT INTL2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00036HKFE HLDGS INTL2005-01
Equity (HKEX)00037HKFE HOTELS2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00038HKFIRST TRACTOR2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00039HKCH BEIDAHUANG2001-01
Equity (HKEX)00040HKGOLD PEAK2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00041HKGREAT EAGLE H2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00042HKNE ELECTRIC2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00045HKHK&S HOTELS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00046HKCOMPUTER & TECH2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00048HKC AUTO INT DECO2010-09
Equity (HKEX)00050HKHK FERRY (HOLD)2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00051HKHARBOUR CENTRE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00052HKFAIRWOOD HOLD2002-10
Equity (HKEX)00053HKGUOCO GROUP2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00055HKNEWAY GROUP2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00057HKCHEN HSONG HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00058HKSUNWAY INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00059HKSKYFAME REALTY2005-08
Equity (HKEX)00060HKHK FOOD INV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00061HKGREEN LEADER2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00062HKTRANSPORT INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00063HKCHI ASIA VALLEY2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00064HKGET NICE2002-06
Equity (HKEX)00065HKGRAND OCEAN AR2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00066HKMTR CORPORATION2000-10
Equity (HKEX)00067HKLUMENA NEWMAT2009-06
Equity (HKEX)00068HKLEE HING2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00069HKSHANGRI-LA ASIA2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00070HKRICH GOLDMAN2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00071HKMIRAMAR HOTEL2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00072HKMODERN MEDIA2009-09
Equity (HKEX)00073HKASIAN CITRUS2009-11
Equity (HKEX)00075HKY.T. REALTY2002-06
Equity (HKEX)00076HKELATE HOLDINGS2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00077HKAMS TRANSPORT2004-04
Equity (HKEX)00078HKREGAL INT'L2002-10
Equity (HKEX)00079HKCENTURY LEGEND2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00080HKCNEWECON FUND2011-01
Equity (HKEX)00081HKCH OVS G OCEANS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00082HKCRAZY SPORTS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00083HKSINO LAND2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00084HKSTELUX HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00085HKCE HUADA TECH2002-12
Equity (HKEX)00086HKSUN HUNG KAI CO2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00087HKSWIRE PACIFIC B2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00088HKTAI CHEUNG HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00089HKTAI SANG LAND2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00090HKPUXING ENERGY2009-07
Equity (HKEX)00091HKGOLDEN CEN INTL2003-12
Equity (HKEX)00092HKCHAMPION TECH2002-05
Equity (HKEX)00093HKTERMBRAY IND2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00094HKGREENHEART GP2003-01
Equity (HKEX)00095HKLVGEM CHINA2005-12
Equity (HKEX)00096HKYUSEI2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00097HKHENDERSON INV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00098HKXINGFA ALUM2008-03
Equity (HKEX)00099HKWONG'S INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00101HKHANG LUNG PPT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00102HKSUMMIT ASCENT2002-02
Equity (HKEX)00103HKSHOUGANG CENT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00104HKASIA COMM HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00105HKASSO INT HOTELS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00106HKLANDSEA PPT2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00107HKSICHUAN EXPRESS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00108HKGR PROPERTIES2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00109HKGOODRESOURCES2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00110HKCHINA FORTUNE2000-02
Equity (HKEX)00111HKCINDA INTL HLDG2000-08
Equity (HKEX)00112HKLERTHAI GROUP2003-10
Equity (HKEX)00113HKDICKSON CONCEPT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00114HKHERALD HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00115HKGRAND FIELD GP2000-07
Equity (HKEX)00116HKCHOW SANG SANG2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00117HKTIANLI HOLDINGS2007-12
Equity (HKEX)00118HKCOSMOS MACH2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00119HKPOLY PROPERTY2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00120HKCOSMOPOL INT'L2004-02
Equity (HKEX)00122HKCROCODILE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00123HKYUEXIU PROPERTY2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00124HKGD LAND2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00125HKSUN HING VISION2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00126HKCARRIANNA2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00127HKCHINESE EST H2004-04
Equity (HKEX)00128HKENM HOLDINGS2002-08
Equity (HKEX)00129HKASIA STANDARD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00130HKMOISELLE INT'L2002-02
Equity (HKEX)00131HKCHEUK NANG HOLD2003-06
Equity (HKEX)00132HKCHINA INV HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00133HKCHINA MERCHANTS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00135HKKUNLUN ENERGY2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00136HKHENGTEN NET2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00137HKJINHUI HOLDINGS2003-06
Equity (HKEX)00138HKCCT FORTIS2002-08
Equity (HKEX)00139HKCENTRALWEALTHGP2005-08
Equity (HKEX)00141HKSKYCHINAFORTUNE2000-02
Equity (HKEX)00142HKFIRST PACIFIC2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00143HKGUOAN INTL2001-09
Equity (HKEX)00144HKCHINA MER PORT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00145HKCCIAM FUTURE EN2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00146HKTAI PING CARPET2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00147HKIB SETTLEMENT2001-08
Equity (HKEX)00148HKKINGBOARD HLDG2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00149HKCH AGRI-PROD EX2004-02
Equity (HKEX)00150HKHYPEBEAST2016-04
Equity (HKEX)00151HKWANT WANT CHINA2008-03
Equity (HKEX)00152HKSHENZHEN INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00153HKCHINA SAITE2013-11
Equity (HKEX)00154HKBE ENVIRONMENT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00155HKCHINA SOLAR2002-08
Equity (HKEX)00156HKLIPPO CHINA RES2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00157HKNATURAL BEAUTY2002-03
Equity (HKEX)00158HKMELBOURNE ENT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00159HKBROCKMAN MINING2002-09
Equity (HKEX)00160HKHON KWOK LAND2003-05
Equity (HKEX)00162HKCENTURY GINWA2000-10
Equity (HKEX)00163HKEMPEROR INT'L2005-01
Equity (HKEX)00164HKCHINA BAOLI TEC2005-04
Equity (HKEX)00165HKCHINA EB LTD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00166HKNEWTIMES ENERGY2003-05
Equity (HKEX)00167HKIDT INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00168HKTSINGTAO BREW2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00169HKWANDA HOTEL DEV2002-06
Equity (HKEX)00171HKSILVER GRANT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00173HKK. WAH INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00174HKGEMINI INV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00175HKGEELY AUTO2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00176HKSUPERACTIVE GP2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00177HKJIANGSU EXPRESS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00178HKSA SA INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00179HKJOHNSON ELEC H2000-08
Equity (HKEX)00180HKKADER HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00181HKFUJIAN HOLDINGS2004-05
Equity (HKEX)00182HKCONCORD NE2006-12
Equity (HKEX)00183HKWINFULL GP2002-05
Equity (HKEX)00184HKKECK SENG INV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00185HKZENSUN ENT2004-04
Equity (HKEX)00186HKNIMBLE HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00187HKJINGCHENG MAC2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00188HKSUNWAH KINGSWAY2000-09
Equity (HKEX)00189HKDONGYUE GROUP2007-12
Equity (HKEX)00191HKLAI SUN INT'L2005-08
Equity (HKEX)00193HKCAPITAL ESTATE2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00194HKLIU CHONG HING2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00195HKGREENTECH INTL2008-11
Equity (HKEX)00196HKHONGHUA GROUP2008-03
Equity (HKEX)00197HKHENG TAI2001-12
Equity (HKEX)00199HKITC PROPERTIES2003-05
Equity (HKEX)00200HKMELCO INT'L DEV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00201HKMAGNIFICENT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00202HKEVERCHINA INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00204HKCHINA INV DEV2000-12
Equity (HKEX)00205HKSEEC MEDIA2003-07
Equity (HKEX)00206HKCMIC OCEAN2000-11
Equity (HKEX)00207HKJOY CITY PPT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00209HKWINSHINE SCI2002-03
Equity (HKEX)00210HKDAPHNE INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00211HKSTYLAND HOLD2001-01
Equity (HKEX)00212HKNANYANG HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00213HKNATIONAL ELEC H2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00214HKASIA ORIENT2002-11
Equity (HKEX)00215HKHUTCHTEL HK2004-04
Equity (HKEX)00216HKCHINNEY INV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00217HKCHINA CHENGTONG2003-07
Equity (HKEX)00218HKSWHYHK2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00219HKSHUNHO PROPERTY2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00220HKU-PRESID CHINA2007-12
Equity (HKEX)00222HKMIN XIN HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00223HKELIFE HLDGS2002-04
Equity (HKEX)00224HKPIONEER GLOBAL2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00225HKPOKFULAM2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00226HKLIPPO2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00227HKFIRST SHANGHAI2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00228HKCHINA ENERGY2002-02
Equity (HKEX)00229HKRAYMOND IND2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00230HKMINMETALS LAND2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00231HKPING AN SEC GP2002-07
Equity (HKEX)00232HKCON AERO TECH2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00234HKNEW CENTURY GP2005-10
Equity (HKEX)00235HKCHINA STRATEGIC2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00236HKSAN MIGUEL HK2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00237HKSAFETY GODOWN2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00238HKEVERGREEN INT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00239HKPAK FAH YEOW2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00240HKBUILD KING HOLD2004-08
Equity (HKEX)00241HKALI HEALTH2004-03
Equity (HKEX)00242HKSHUN TAK HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00243HKQPL INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00244HKSINCERE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00245HKCHINA VERED FIN2004-06
Equity (HKEX)00247HKTST PROPERTIES2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00248HKHKC INT'L HOLD2001-11
Equity (HKEX)00250HKSINO-I TECH2005-07
Equity (HKEX)00251HKSEA HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00252HKSE ASIA PPT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00253HKSHUNHO HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00254HKNUR HOLDINGS2007-10
Equity (HKEX)00255HKLUNG KEE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00256HKCITYCHAMP2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00257HKEB ENVIRONMENT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00258HKTOMSON GROUP2001-12
Equity (HKEX)00259HKYEEBO (INT'L H)2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00260HKAVIC JOY HLDG2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00261HKGBA HOLDINGS2002-11
Equity (HKEX)00262HKDESON DEV INT'L2000-04
Equity (HKEX)00263HKGT GROUP HLDG2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00264HKCN INT DEV CORP2003-03
Equity (HKEX)00265HKORIENT VICTORY2001-09
Equity (HKEX)00266HKTIAN TECK LAND2000-02
Equity (HKEX)00267HKCITIC2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00268HKKINGDEE INT'L2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00269HKCRTG2003-12
Equity (HKEX)00270HKGUANGDONG INV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00271HKASIASEC PPT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00272HKSHUI ON LAND2006-10
Equity (HKEX)00273HKMASON GP HOLD2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00274HKRA SILK ROAD2000-12
Equity (HKEX)00276HKMONGOLIA ENERGY2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00277HKTERN PROPERTIES2000-02
Equity (HKEX)00278HKWAH HA REALTY2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00279HKARTA TECHFIN2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00280HKKING FOOK HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00282HKNEXT DIGITAL2001-11
Equity (HKEX)00285HKBYD ELECTRONIC2007-12
Equity (HKEX)00286HKAIDIGONG2004-01
Equity (HKEX)00287HKWINFAIR INV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00288HKWH GROUP2014-08
Equity (HKEX)00289HKWING ON CO2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00290HKC FORTUNE FIN2004-03
Equity (HKEX)00291HKCHINA RES BEER2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00292HKASIA STD HOTEL2000-10
Equity (HKEX)00293HKCATHAY PAC AIR2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00294HKYANGTZEKIANG2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00295HKKONG SUN HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00296HKEMPEROR E HOTEL2005-01
Equity (HKEX)00297HKSINOFERT2004-06
Equity (HKEX)00298HKCHUANG'S CHINA2002-07
Equity (HKEX)00299HKGLORY SUN LAND2006-05
Equity (HKEX)00301HKSANVO CHEMICALS2020-01
Equity (HKEX)00302HKCMGE2019-10
Equity (HKEX)00303HKVTECH HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00305HKWULING MOTORS2005-10
Equity (HKEX)00306HKKWOON CHUNG BUS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00308HKCHINA TRAVEL HK2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00309HKXH NEWS MEDIA2003-07
Equity (HKEX)00310HKPROSP INV HOLD2005-10
Equity (HKEX)00311HKLUEN THAI2004-07
Equity (HKEX)00312HKSHIRBLE STORE2003-05
Equity (HKEX)00313HKRICHLY FIELD2004-03
Equity (HKEX)00315HKSMARTONE TELE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00316HKOOIL2004-04
Equity (HKEX)00317HKCOMEC2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00318HKVONGROUP2003-03
Equity (HKEX)00320HKCOMPUTIME2006-10
Equity (HKEX)00321HKTEXWINCA HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00322HKTINGYI2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00323HKMAANSHAN IRON2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00326HKCHINA STAR ENT2002-09
Equity (HKEX)00327HKPAX GLOBAL2010-12
Equity (HKEX)00328HKALCO HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00329HKOCI INTL2001-05
Equity (HKEX)00330HKESPRIT HOLDINGS2002-09
Equity (HKEX)00331HKFSE LIFESTYLE2015-12
Equity (HKEX)00332HKYUANHENG GAS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00333HKTOP FORM INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00334HKCH DISPLAY OPT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00335HKUPBEST GROUP2000-10
Equity (HKEX)00336HKHUABAO INTL2004-05
Equity (HKEX)00337HKGREENLAND HK2006-10
Equity (HKEX)00338HKSHANGHAI PECHEM2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00339HKCORE ECON INV2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00340HKTONGGUAN GOLD2001-01
Equity (HKEX)00341HKCAFE DE CORAL H2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00342HKNEWOCEAN ENERGY2003-06
Equity (HKEX)00343HKCULTURECOM HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00345HKVITASOY INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00346HKYANCHANG PETRO2003-07
Equity (HKEX)00347HKANGANG STEEL2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00348HKCHINAHEALTHWISE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00351HKASIA ENERGY LOG2004-06
Equity (HKEX)00352HKFORTUNE SUN2006-07
Equity (HKEX)00353HKENERGY INTINV2005-10
Equity (HKEX)00354HKCHINASOFT INT'L2003-06
Equity (HKEX)00355HKCENTURY C INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00356HKDT CAPITAL2002-06
Equity (HKEX)00357HKMEILAN AIRPORT2002-11
Equity (HKEX)00358HKJIANGXI COPPER2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00359HKHAISHENG JUICE2005-11
Equity (HKEX)00360HKNEW FOCUS AUTO2005-02
Equity (HKEX)00361HKSINO GOLF HOLD2000-12
Equity (HKEX)00362HKXINYANG MAOJIAN2002-12
Equity (HKEX)00363HKSHANGHAI IND H2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00365HKSINO ICT2000-10
Equity (HKEX)00366HKLUKS GROUP (VN)2001-04
Equity (HKEX)00367HKCHUANG'S INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00368HKSUPERLAND GROUP2020-07
Equity (HKEX)00369HKWING TAI PPT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00370HKCHINA BEST2001-05
Equity (HKEX)00371HKBJ ENT WATER2002-04
Equity (HKEX)00372HKPT INTL DEV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00373HKALLIED GROUP2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00374HKFOUR SEAS MER2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00375HKYGM TRADING2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00376HKYUNFENG FIN2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00377HKCHINA HUAJUN GP2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00378HKFDG KINETIC2004-11
Equity (HKEX)00379HKEG LEASING2002-11
Equity (HKEX)00380HKCHINA PIPE2005-10
Equity (HKEX)00381HKKIU HUNG INT'L2002-06
Equity (HKEX)00382HKEDVANTAGE GROUP2019-07
Equity (HKEX)00383HKCHINA MED&HCARE2003-07
Equity (HKEX)00384HKCHINA GAS HOLD2002-07
Equity (HKEX)00385HKCHINNEY ALLI2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00386HKSINOPEC CORP2000-10
Equity (HKEX)00387HKLEEPORT(HOLD)2003-07
Equity (HKEX)00388HKHKEX2000-06
Equity (HKEX)00389HKTONTINE WINES2002-09
Equity (HKEX)00390HKCHINA RAILWAY2007-12
Equity (HKEX)00391HKMEI AH ENTER2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00392HKBEIJING ENT2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00393HKGLORIOUS SUN2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00395HKSMARTAC INTL2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00396HKHING LEE (HK)2009-06
Equity (HKEX)00397HKPOWER FINANCIAL2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00398HKORIENTAL WATCH2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00399HKINNOVATIVE PHAR2003-11
Equity (HKEX)00400HKCOGOBUY2014-07
Equity (HKEX)00401HKWANJIA GROUP2013-10
Equity (HKEX)00403HKSTARLITE HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00406HKYAU LEE HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00408HKYIP'S CHEMICAL2001-10
Equity (HKEX)00410HKSOHO CHINA2007-10
Equity (HKEX)00411HKLAM SOON (HK)2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00412HKCSFG2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00413HKSC HOLDINGS2001-09
Equity (HKEX)00416HKBANKOFJINZHOU2015-12
Equity (HKEX)00417HKTSE SUI LUEN2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00418HKFOUNDER HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00419HKHUAYI TENCENT2002-09
Equity (HKEX)00420HKFOUNTAIN SET2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00422HKVMEP HOLDINGS2007-12
Equity (HKEX)00423HKHKET HOLDINGS2005-08
Equity (HKEX)00425HKMINTH GROUP2005-12
Equity (HKEX)00426HKONE MEDIA GROUP2005-10
Equity (HKEX)00428HKCOCOON HOLDINGS1994-07
Equity (HKEX)00430HKORIENTAL EXPL2000-02
Equity (HKEX)00431HKG CHINA FIN2003-04
Equity (HKEX)00432HKPCPD2004-06
Equity (HKEX)00433HKNORTH MINING2000-03
Equity (HKEX)00434HKBOYAA2013-11
Equity (HKEX)00436HKNU ENVIRO2007-01
Equity (HKEX)00438HKIRICO NEWENERGY2004-12
Equity (HKEX)00439HKKUANGCHI2006-04
Equity (HKEX)00440HKDAH SING2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00442HKHIFOOD GROUP2015-03
Equity (HKEX)00444HKSINCEREWATCH HK2005-10
Equity (HKEX)00449HKCHIGO HOLDING2009-07
Equity (HKEX)00450HKHUNG HING PRINT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00451HKGCL NEWENERGY2003-10
Equity (HKEX)00455HKTIANDA PHARMA2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00456HKNEW CITY DEV2007-01
Equity (HKEX)00458HKTRISTATE HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00459HKMIDLAND IC&I2002-01
Equity (HKEX)00460HKSIHUAN PHARM2010-10
Equity (HKEX)00462HKNATURAL DAIRY2007-07
Equity (HKEX)00464HKC OVS NUOXIN2005-06
Equity (HKEX)00465HKFUTONG TECH2009-12
Equity (HKEX)00467HKUNITEDENERGY GP2005-08
Equity (HKEX)00468HKGAPACK2010-12
Equity (HKEX)00471HKCMMB VISION2005-10
Equity (HKEX)00472HKNEW SILKROAD2004-04
Equity (HKEX)00474HKACESO LIFE SCI2006-06
Equity (HKEX)00475HKCENTRAL DEV H2007-04
Equity (HKEX)00476HKEV DYNAMICS2004-01
Equity (HKEX)00479HKCIL HOLDINGS2002-07
Equity (HKEX)00480HKHKR INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00482HKSANDMARTIN INTL2005-05
Equity (HKEX)00483HKBAUHAUS INT'L2005-05
Equity (HKEX)00484HKFORGAME2013-10
Equity (HKEX)00485HKCHINASINOSTAR2003-11
Equity (HKEX)00486HKRUSAL2010-01
Equity (HKEX)00487HKSUCCESSUNIVERSE2003-11
Equity (HKEX)00488HKLAI SUN DEV2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00489HKDONGFENG GROUP2005-12
Equity (HKEX)00491HKEMPEROR CULTURE2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00493HKGOME RETAIL2004-09
Equity (HKEX)00495HKPALADIN2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00496HKKASEN2005-10
Equity (HKEX)00497HKCSI PROPERTIES2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00498HKBLUE RIVER HLDG2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00499HKQINGDAO HLDGS2000-12
Equity (HKEX)00500HKFRONTIER SER2001-11
Equity (HKEX)00503HKLANSEN PHARMA2010-05
Equity (HKEX)00505HKXINGYE ALLOY2007-12
Equity (HKEX)00506HKCHINA FOODS2001-05
Equity (HKEX)00508HKDINGYI GP INV2003-06
Equity (HKEX)00509HKSUNSHINE2006-12
Equity (HKEX)00510HKCASH FIN SER GP2008-03
Equity (HKEX)00511HKTVB2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00512HKGRAND PHARMA2004-05
Equity (HKEX)00513HKCONTINENTAL H2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00515HKCHINASILVER TEC2006-06
Equity (HKEX)00517HKCOSCO SHIP INTL2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00518HKTUNGTEX (HOLD)2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00519HKAPPLIED DEV2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00520HKXIABUXIABU2014-12
Equity (HKEX)00521HKCWT INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00522HKASM PACIFIC2000-07
Equity (HKEX)00524HKGW TERROIR2002-12
Equity (HKEX)00525HKGUANGSHEN RAIL2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00526HKCHINA AUTO NR2005-11
Equity (HKEX)00527HKRUIFENG RENEW2006-06
Equity (HKEX)00528HKKINGDOM HOLDING2006-12
Equity (HKEX)00529HKSIS INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00530HKGOLDIN FIN HOLD2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00531HKSAMSON HOLDING2005-11
Equity (HKEX)00532HKWKK INTL (HOLD)2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00533HKGOLDLION HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00535HKGEMDALE PPT2001-03
Equity (HKEX)00536HKTRADELINK2005-10
Equity (HKEX)00538HKAJISEN (CHINA)2007-03
Equity (HKEX)00539HKVICTORY CITY2001-01
Equity (HKEX)00540HKSPEEDY GLOBAL2013-01
Equity (HKEX)00542HKTFG INTL GP2004-03
Equity (HKEX)00543HKPACIFIC ONLINE2007-12
Equity (HKEX)00544HKDAIDO GROUP2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00546HKFUFENG GROUP2007-02
Equity (HKEX)00547HKDIGITAL DOMAIN2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00548HKSHENZHENEXPRESS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00550HKKINGKEY INT CUL2003-02
Equity (HKEX)00551HKYUE YUEN IND2003-03
Equity (HKEX)00552HKCHINACOMSERVICE2006-12
Equity (HKEX)00553HKNANJING PANDA2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00554HKHANS ENERGY2003-01
Equity (HKEX)00556HKPAN ASIA ENVIRO2007-12
Equity (HKEX)00557HKTIANYUAN HEALTH2000-10
Equity (HKEX)00558HKLK TECH2006-10
Equity (HKEX)00559HKDETAI NEWENERGY2003-12
Equity (HKEX)00560HKCHU KONG SHIP2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00563HKSH IND URBAN2007-11
Equity (HKEX)00564HKZMJ2012-12
Equity (HKEX)00565HKART GROUP HOLD2003-09
Equity (HKEX)00567HKDAISHOMICROLINE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00568HKSHANDONG MOLONG2006-03
Equity (HKEX)00570HKTRAD CHI MED2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00571HKESUN HOLDINGS2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00572HKFW HOLDINGS2003-07
Equity (HKEX)00573HKTAO HEUNG HLDGS2007-06
Equity (HKEX)00574HKPASHUN INT'L2015-06
Equity (HKEX)00575HKENDURANCE RP2002-12
Equity (HKEX)00576HKZHEJIANGEXPRESS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00577HKSOUTH SHORE HLD2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00578HKROSAN RES2004-01
Equity (HKEX)00579HKJNCEC2011-12
Equity (HKEX)00580HKSUN.KING TECH2010-10
Equity (HKEX)00581HKCHINA ORIENTAL2004-03
Equity (HKEX)00582HKLANDING INTL2002-04
Equity (HKEX)00583HKGWPA HOLDINGS2001-11
Equity (HKEX)00585HKIMAGI INT'L2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00586HKCONCH VENTURE2013-12
Equity (HKEX)00588HKBEIJING N STAR2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00589HKJIANZHONG CONS2020-03
Equity (HKEX)00590HKLUK FOOK HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00591HKC HIGHPRECISION2009-11
Equity (HKEX)00592HKBOSSINI INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00593HKDREAMEAST2004-01
Equity (HKEX)00595HKAV CONCEPT HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00596HKINSPUR INT'L2007-12
Equity (HKEX)00598HKSINOTRANS2003-02
Equity (HKEX)00599HKE. BON HOLDINGS2000-04
Equity (HKEX)00600HKCHINA INFRA INV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00601HKREMT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00602HKJIAHUA STORES H2007-05
Equity (HKEX)00603HKCHINA OIL & GAS2002-06
Equity (HKEX)00604HKSHENZHEN INVEST2002-08
Equity (HKEX)00605HKC FIN SERVICES2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00606HKSCE CM2021-07
Equity (HKEX)00607HKFULLSHARE2002-12
Equity (HKEX)00608HKHIGH FASHION2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00609HKTIANDE CHEMICAL2006-10
Equity (HKEX)00610HKWAI KEE HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00611HKCNE TECH CORP2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00612HKCHINA INV FUND2006-02
Equity (HKEX)00613HKPLANETREE INT'L2001-04
Equity (HKEX)00616HKEMINENCE ENT2004-03
Equity (HKEX)00617HKPALIBURG HOLD2002-11
Equity (HKEX)00618HKPKU RESOURCES2000-11
Equity (HKEX)00619HKSOUTH CHINA FIN2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00620HKDTXS SILK ROAD2001-05
Equity (HKEX)00621HKTAUNG GOLD2006-06
Equity (HKEX)00622HKOSHIDORI2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00623HKSINOMEDIA2008-07
Equity (HKEX)00626HKPUBLIC FIN HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00627HKFULLSUN INT'L2000-11
Equity (HKEX)00628HKGOME FIN TECH2002-07
Equity (HKEX)00629HKYUE DA INTL2001-11
Equity (HKEX)00630HKAMCO UNITED2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00631HKSANY INT'L2009-11
Equity (HKEX)00632HKCHK OIL2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00633HKCH ALL ACCESS2009-09
Equity (HKEX)00635HKPLAYMATES2002-07
Equity (HKEX)00636HKKERRY LOG NET2013-12
Equity (HKEX)00637HKLEE KEE2006-10
Equity (HKEX)00638HKKIN YAT HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00639HKSHOUGANG RES2001-10
Equity (HKEX)00640HKINFINITY DEV2010-08
Equity (HKEX)00641HKCHTC FONG'S INT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00643HKCARRY WEALTH2000-03
Equity (HKEX)00645HKARES ASIA2001-12
Equity (HKEX)00646HKCHINA ENV TEC2002-03
Equity (HKEX)00648HKWAH YAN-NEW2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00650HKIDG ENERGY INV2004-10
Equity (HKEX)00651HKCHI OCEAN IND2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00653HKBONJOUR HOLD2003-07
Equity (HKEX)00655HKHK CHINESE LTD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00656HKFOSUN INTL2007-07
Equity (HKEX)00657HKG-VISION INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00658HKC TRANSMISSION2007-07
Equity (HKEX)00659HKNWS HOLDINGS2003-02
Equity (HKEX)00660HKWAI CHUN BIOTEC2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00661HKCDAYENONFER2003-01
Equity (HKEX)00662HKASIA FINANCIAL2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00663HKKINGSTONE E-NEW2003-08
Equity (HKEX)00665HKHAITONG INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00667HKCHINA EAST EDU2019-06
Equity (HKEX)00668HKDOYEN INTL HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00669HKTECHTRONIC IND2004-06
Equity (HKEX)00670HKCHINA EAST AIR2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00672HKZHONGAN GROUP2007-11
Equity (HKEX)00673HKCHINA HEALTH2003-12
Equity (HKEX)00674HKCHINA TANGSHANG2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00675HKK & P INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00676HKPEGASUS INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00677HKGOLDEN RES DEV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00678HKGENTING HK2000-11
Equity (HKEX)00679HKASIA TELE-NET2004-05
Equity (HKEX)00680HKNAN HAI CORP2002-05
Equity (HKEX)00681HKCHI PEOPLE HOLD2003-05
Equity (HKEX)00682HKCHAODA MODERN2000-12
Equity (HKEX)00683HKKERRY PPT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00684HKALLAN INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00685HKMEDIA CHINESE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00686HKBJ ENERGY INTL2000-04
Equity (HKEX)00687HKTYSAN HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00688HKCHINA OVERSEAS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00689HKEPI (HOLDINGS)2006-09
Equity (HKEX)00690HKUNI-BIO GROUP2001-11
Equity (HKEX)00691HKSHANSHUI CEMENT2008-07
Equity (HKEX)00693HKTAN CHONG INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00694HKBEIJING AIRPORT2000-02
Equity (HKEX)00695HKDONGWU CEMENT2012-06
Equity (HKEX)00696HKTRAVELSKY TECH2001-02
Equity (HKEX)00697HKSHOUCHENG2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00698HKTONGDA GROUP2001-12
Equity (HKEX)00700HKTENCENT2004-06
Equity (HKEX)00701HKCNT GROUP2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00702HKSINO OIL & GAS2002-07
Equity (HKEX)00703HKFUTURE BRIGHT2004-06
Equity (HKEX)00704HKHUSCOKE HLDGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00706HKBEAUTI C HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00707HKATV HOLDINGS2006-03
Equity (HKEX)00708HKEVERG VEHICLE2008-02
Equity (HKEX)00709HKGIORDANO INT'L2000-08
Equity (HKEX)00710HKBOE VARITRONIX2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00711HKASIA ALLIED INF2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00712HKCOMTEC SOLAR2009-10
Equity (HKEX)00713HKWORLD HOUSEWARE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00715HKCHINA OCEANWIDE2001-11
Equity (HKEX)00716HKSINGAMAS CONT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00717HKEMPEROR CAPITAL2005-12
Equity (HKEX)00718HKTAI UNITED HOLD2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00719HKSHANDONG XINHUA2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00720HKAUTO ITALIA2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00721HKC FIN INT INV2007-07
Equity (HKEX)00722HKUMP2015-11
Equity (HKEX)00723HKRELIANCE GLO HL2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00724HKRUIXIN INT'L2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00725HKPERENNIAL INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00726HKDIT GROUP2001-11
Equity (HKEX)00727HKCROWNICORP2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00728HKCHINA TELECOM2002-11
Equity (HKEX)00730HKSHOUGANG GRAND2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00731HKSAMSON PAPER2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00732HKTRULY INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00733HKHOPEFLUENT2004-07
Equity (HKEX)00736HKCHINA PPT INV2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00737HKBAY AREA DEV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00738HKLE SAUNDA2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00743HKASIA CEMENT CH2008-05
Equity (HKEX)00745HKCN CULTURE GP2004-10
Equity (HKEX)00746HKL & M CHEMICAL2002-01
Equity (HKEX)00747HKSHENYANG PUBLIC2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00750HKSFSY ENERGY2009-01
Equity (HKEX)00751HKSKYWORTH GROUP2000-04
Equity (HKEX)00752HKPICO FAR EAST2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00753HKAIR CHINA2004-12
Equity (HKEX)00754HKHOPSON DEV HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00755HKSHANGHAI ZENDAI2002-08
Equity (HKEX)00756HKSUMMI2008-07
Equity (HKEX)00757HKSOLARGIGA2008-03
Equity (HKEX)00758HKMACROLINK CAP2004-01
Equity (HKEX)00759HKCEC INT'L HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00760HKTALENT PPT GP2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00762HKCHINA UNICOM2000-06
Equity (HKEX)00763HKZTE2004-12
Equity (HKEX)00764HKETERNITY INV2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00765HKPERFECTECH INTL2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00766HKSINO PROSPER GP2002-05
Equity (HKEX)00767HKZHONG JI LS2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00768HKUBA INVESTMENTS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00769HKCHINA RAREEARTH2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00770HKSHANGHAI GROWTH2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00771HKAUTOMATED SYS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00772HKCHINA LIT2017-11
Equity (HKEX)00775HKCKLIFE SCIENCES2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00776HKIMPERIUM TEC GP2005-10
Equity (HKEX)00777HKNETDRAGON2007-11
Equity (HKEX)00780HKTONGCHENGTRAVEL2018-11
Equity (HKEX)00784HKLING YUI2017-12
Equity (HKEX)00787HKGLOBAL BRANDS2014-07
Equity (HKEX)00788HKCHINA TOWER2018-08
Equity (HKEX)00789HKARTINI HLDG2008-05
Equity (HKEX)00794HKCOME SURE GROUP2009-02
Equity (HKEX)00797HK7ROAD2018-07
Equity (HKEX)00798HKCEOVU2014-03
Equity (HKEX)00799HKIGG2013-10
Equity (HKEX)00800HKA8 NEW MEDIA2008-06
Equity (HKEX)00802HKCHINA E-WALLET2009-02
Equity (HKEX)00803HKPROSPERITY INTL2001-08
Equity (HKEX)00804HKPINESTONE2015-06
Equity (HKEX)00806HKVALUE PARTNERS2007-11
Equity (HKEX)00807HKSIICENVIRONMENT2018-03
Equity (HKEX)00809HKGLOBAL BIO-CHEM2001-03
Equity (HKEX)00810HKCH INTERNET INV2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00811HKXINHUA WINSHARE2007-05
Equity (HKEX)00812HKSWSI2002-01
Equity (HKEX)00813HKSHIMAO GROUP2006-07
Equity (HKEX)00814HKJINGKELONG2006-09
Equity (HKEX)00815HKCHI SILVER GP2012-12
Equity (HKEX)00817HKCHINA JINMAO2007-08
Equity (HKEX)00818HKHI SUN TECH2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00819HKTIANNENG POWER2007-06
Equity (HKEX)00821HKVC HOLDINGS2003-06
Equity (HKEX)00822HKKA SHUI INT'L2007-06
Equity (HKEX)00825HKNWDS CHINA2007-07
Equity (HKEX)00826HKTIANGONG INT'L2007-07
Equity (HKEX)00827HKKO YO GROUP2007-12
Equity (HKEX)00828HKDYNASTY WINES2005-01
Equity (HKEX)00829HKSHENGUAN HLDGS2009-10
Equity (HKEX)00830HKCSC DEVELOPMENT2010-03
Equity (HKEX)00831HKCR ASIA2001-01
Equity (HKEX)00832HKCENTRAL CHINA2008-06
Equity (HKEX)00833HKALLTRONICS2005-07
Equity (HKEX)00834HKKANGDA FOOD2008-12
Equity (HKEX)00836HKCHINA RES POWER2003-11
Equity (HKEX)00837HKCARPENTER TAN2009-12
Equity (HKEX)00838HKEVA HOLDINGS2005-05
Equity (HKEX)00839HKCHINA EDU GROUP2017-12
Equity (HKEX)00840HKTIANYE WATER2006-02
Equity (HKEX)00841HKCASSAVA RES2009-03
Equity (HKEX)00842HKLEOCH INT'L2010-11
Equity (HKEX)00844HKGREATIME INTL2011-11
Equity (HKEX)00845HKGLORIOUS PPT H2009-10
Equity (HKEX)00846HKMINGFA GROUP2009-11
Equity (HKEX)00848HKMAOYE INT'L2008-05
Equity (HKEX)00851HKSHENG YUAN HLDG2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00852HKSTRONG PETRO2009-01
Equity (HKEX)00853HKMICROPORT2010-09
Equity (HKEX)00854HKWILLAS-ARRAY2013-12
Equity (HKEX)00855HKCHINA WATER2003-08
Equity (HKEX)00856HKVSTECS2002-05
Equity (HKEX)00857HKPETROCHINA2000-04
Equity (HKEX)00858HKEXTRAWELL PHAR2000-03
Equity (HKEX)00859HKZHONGCHANG INTL2000-06
Equity (HKEX)00860HKAPOLLO FMG2002-09
Equity (HKEX)00861HKDC HOLDINGS2000-03
Equity (HKEX)00862HKVISION VALUES2000-08
Equity (HKEX)00863HKBC TECH GROUP2012-04
Equity (HKEX)00864HKWING LEE PPT2013-03
Equity (HKEX)00865HKJIANDE INT'L2000-12
Equity (HKEX)00866HKCHINA QINFA2009-07
Equity (HKEX)00867HKCMS2010-09
Equity (HKEX)00868HKXINYI GLASS2005-02
Equity (HKEX)00869HKPLAYMATES TOYS2008-02
Equity (HKEX)00871HKCH DREDG ENV2011-06
Equity (HKEX)00872HKTITAN INVO TECH2004-12
Equity (HKEX)00873HKSHIMAO SERVICES2020-10
Equity (HKEX)00874HKBAIYUNSHAN PH2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00875HKCHINA FIN INV2002-05
Equity (HKEX)00876HKKAISA HEALTH2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00878HKSOUNDWILL HOLD2003-04
Equity (HKEX)00880HKSJM HOLDINGS2008-07
Equity (HKEX)00881HKZHONGSHENG HLDG2010-03
Equity (HKEX)00882HKTIANJIN DEV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00883HKCNOOC2004-03
Equity (HKEX)00884HKCIFI HOLD GP2012-11
Equity (HKEX)00885HKRENTIAN TECH2001-07
Equity (HKEX)00886HKSILVER BASE2009-04
Equity (HKEX)00887HKEMPEROR WATCH&J2008-07
Equity (HKEX)00888HKBISON FINANCE2001-06
Equity (HKEX)00889HKDATRONIX HOLD2001-06
Equity (HKEX)00891HKTRINITY2009-11
Equity (HKEX)00893HKCHINAVTM MINING2009-10
Equity (HKEX)00894HKMAN YUE TECH2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00895HKDONGJIANG ENV2003-01
Equity (HKEX)00896HKHANISON2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00897HKWAI YUEN TONG2005-06
Equity (HKEX)00898HKMULTIFIELD INTL2002-05
Equity (HKEX)00899HKASIA RESOURCES2003-04
Equity (HKEX)00900HKAEON CREDIT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00901HKGOLDSTONE INV2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00902HKHUANENG POWER2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00904HKCHINA GREEN2004-01
Equity (HKEX)00905HKGLOBAL M CAP2000-02
Equity (HKEX)00906HKCOFCO PACKAGING2008-10
Equity (HKEX)00907HKELEGANCEOPTICAL2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00909HKMING YUAN CLOUD2020-09
Equity (HKEX)00910HKCHINA SANDI2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00911HKQIANHAI HEALTH2014-06
Equity (HKEX)00912HKSUGA INT'L2002-09
Equity (HKEX)00913HKHARBOUR DIGITAL2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00914HKCONCH CEMENT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00915HKDAOHE GLOBAL2002-05
Equity (HKEX)00916HKCHINA LONGYUAN2009-12
Equity (HKEX)00918HKSTATE EN ASSETS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00919HKMODERNHEALTHTEC2006-02
Equity (HKEX)00921HKHISENSE HA2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00922HKANXIANYUAN CH2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00923HKIWS2010-03
Equity (HKEX)00924HKKHOON GROUP2019-07
Equity (HKEX)00925HKBJ PROPERTIES2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00926HKBESUNYEN2002-09
Equity (HKEX)00927HKFUJIKON IND2000-04
Equity (HKEX)00928HKLIFE HEALTHCARE2002-04
Equity (HKEX)00929HKIPE GROUP2004-11
Equity (HKEX)00931HKCHINA LNG2001-10
Equity (HKEX)00932HKSHUNTEN INTL2013-10
Equity (HKEX)00934HKSINOPEC KANTONS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00935HKDRAGON CROWN2011-06
Equity (HKEX)00936HKKAISA CAPITAL2010-07
Equity (HKEX)00938HKMAN SANG INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00939HKCCB2005-10
Equity (HKEX)00941HKCHINA MOBILE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00943HKZHONGZHENG INTL2000-12
Equity (HKEX)00945HKMANULIFE-S2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00947HKMOBI DEV2009-12
Equity (HKEX)00948HKALPHA PRO HLDGS2010-03
Equity (HKEX)00950HKLEE'S PHARM2002-07
Equity (HKEX)00951HKCHAOWEI POWER2010-07
Equity (HKEX)00952HKTONGHAI FIN2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00953HKSHAW BROTHERS2010-02
Equity (HKEX)00954HKCHANGMAO BIO2002-06
Equity (HKEX)00956HKCHINA SUNTIEN2010-10
Equity (HKEX)00959HKCENTURY ENT INT2003-08
Equity (HKEX)00960HKLONGFOR GROUP2009-11
Equity (HKEX)00966HKCHINA TAIPING2000-06
Equity (HKEX)00967HKSOUND GLOBAL2010-09
Equity (HKEX)00968HKXINYI SOLAR2013-12
Equity (HKEX)00969HKHUA LIEN INT'L2000-02
Equity (HKEX)00970HKNEW SPARKLEROLL2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00973HKL'OCCITANE2010-05
Equity (HKEX)00974HKSKL2015-09
Equity (HKEX)00975HKMONGOL MINING2010-10
Equity (HKEX)00976HKCHIHO ENV2010-07
Equity (HKEX)00978HKCHI MER LAND2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00979HKGREEN ENERGY GP2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00980HKLIANHUA2003-06
Equity (HKEX)00981HKSMIC2004-03
Equity (HKEX)00982HKHUAFA PPT SER2008-07
Equity (HKEX)00983HKSOCAM DEV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00984HKAEON STORES2003-07
Equity (HKEX)00985HKCST GROUP2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00986HKCH ENV ENERGY2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00987HKCH RENEW EN INV2002-06
Equity (HKEX)00988HKSILKROAD LOG2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00989HKHUA YIN INTL H2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00990HKTHEME INT'L2000-09
Equity (HKEX)00991HKDATANG POWER2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00992HKLENOVO GROUP2000-03
Equity (HKEX)00993HKHUARONG INT FIN2002-03
Equity (HKEX)00994HKCT VISION SL2017-07
Equity (HKEX)00995HKANHUIEXPRESSWAY2000-01
Equity (HKEX)00996HKCARNIVAL GROUP2005-09
Equity (HKEX)00997HKCHINLINK INTL2000-03
Equity (HKEX)00998HKCITIC BANK2007-04
Equity (HKEX)01000HKBEIJING MEDIA2004-12
Equity (HKEX)01001HKHK SH ALLIANCE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01002HKV.S. INT'L2002-02
Equity (HKEX)01003HKHUANXI MEDIA2003-06
Equity (HKEX)01004HKC SMARTERENERGY2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01005HKMATRIX HOLDINGS2000-05
Equity (HKEX)01007HKLONGHUI INTL2010-10
Equity (HKEX)01008HKLITU HOLDINGS2009-03
Equity (HKEX)01009HKINT'L ENT2005-12
Equity (HKEX)01010HKPACRAY INT'L2001-08
Equity (HKEX)01011HKNT PHARMA2004-08
Equity (HKEX)01013HKWAI CHUN GROUP2003-05
Equity (HKEX)01020HKCYBERNAUT INT'L2010-07
Equity (HKEX)01022HKFEIYU2014-12
Equity (HKEX)01023HKSITOY GROUP2011-12
Equity (HKEX)01024HKKUAISHOU-W2021-02
Equity (HKEX)01025HKKNT HOLDINGS2019-02
Equity (HKEX)01026HKUNIVERSAL TECH2001-10
Equity (HKEX)01027HKCHINA JICHENG2015-02
Equity (HKEX)01028HKC.BANNER2008-01
Equity (HKEX)01029HKIRC2010-10
Equity (HKEX)01030HKSEAZEN2013-01
Equity (HKEX)01031HKKINGSTON FIN2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01033HKSINOPEC SSC2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01034HKFULLWEALTH2018-10
Equity (HKEX)01036HKVANKE OVERSEAS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01037HKMAXNERVA TECH2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01038HKCKI HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01039HKCHANGYOU ALLI2010-09
Equity (HKEX)01041HKLAMTEX HLDGS2001-04
Equity (HKEX)01043HKCOSLIGHT TECH2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01044HKHENGAN INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01045HKAPT SATELLITE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01046HKUNIVERSE ENT2000-12
Equity (HKEX)01047HKNGAI HING HONG2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01049HKCELESTIAL ASIA2002-05
Equity (HKEX)01050HKKARRIE INT'L2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01051HKG-RESOURCES2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01052HKYUEXIUTRANSPORT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01053HKCHONGQING IRON2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01055HKCHINA SOUTH AIR2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01057HKZHEJIANG SHIBAO2006-05
Equity (HKEX)01058HKGUANGDONG TANN2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01059HKKANTONE HOLDING2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01060HKALI PICTURES2003-01
Equity (HKEX)01061HKESSEX BIO-TECH2001-06
Equity (HKEX)01062HKCDB INT'L INV2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01063HKSUNCORP TECH2001-06
Equity (HKEX)01064HKZHONG HUA INT'L2005-12
Equity (HKEX)01065HKTIANJIN CAPITAL2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01066HKWEIGAO GROUP2004-02
Equity (HKEX)01068HKYURUN FOOD2005-10
Equity (HKEX)01069HKBOZZA DEVELOP2009-10
Equity (HKEX)01070HKTCL ELECTRONICS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01071HKHUADIAN POWER2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01072HKDONGFANG ELEC2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01073HKDA YU FIN2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01075HKCAPINFO2001-12
Equity (HKEX)01076HKIMPERIAL PAC2002-02
Equity (HKEX)01079HKPINE TECH2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01080HKSHENGLI PIPE2009-12
Equity (HKEX)01082HKHK EDU INTL2007-12
Equity (HKEX)01083HKTG SMART ENERGY2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01084HKGF HYDROCOLLOID2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01085HKHXTL2010-12
Equity (HKEX)01086HKGOODBABY INTL2010-11
Equity (HKEX)01087HKINVESTECH HLDGS2010-11
Equity (HKEX)01088HKCHINA SHENHUA2005-06
Equity (HKEX)01090HKDA MING INT'L2010-12
Equity (HKEX)01091HKSOUTH MANGANESE2010-11
Equity (HKEX)01093HKCSPC PHARMA2003-05
Equity (HKEX)01094HKC P PROCUREMENT2002-07
Equity (HKEX)01096HKSINO ENERGY INT2011-09
Equity (HKEX)01097HKI-CABLE COMM2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01098HKROAD KING INFRA2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01099HKSINOPHARM2009-09
Equity (HKEX)01100HKMAINLAND HOLD2000-12
Equity (HKEX)01101HKHUARONG ENERGY2010-11
Equity (HKEX)01102HKENVIRO ENERGY2007-09
Equity (HKEX)01103HKDASHENG AGR FIN2005-07
Equity (HKEX)01104HKAPAC RESOURCES2002-06
Equity (HKEX)01105HKSING TAO2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01107HKMODERN LAND2013-07
Equity (HKEX)01108HKLUOYANG GLASS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01109HKCHINA RES LAND2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01110HKKINGWORLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01112HKH&H INTL HLDG2010-12
Equity (HKEX)01113HKCK ASSET2015-06
Equity (HKEX)01114HKBRILLIANCE CHI2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01115HKTIBET WATER2011-06
Equity (HKEX)01116HKMAYER HOLDINGS2004-06
Equity (HKEX)01117HKCH MODERN D2010-11
Equity (HKEX)01118HKGOLIK HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01119HKIDREAMSKY2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01120HKARTS OPTICAL2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01121HKGOLDENSOLAR2011-01
Equity (HKEX)01122HKQINGLING MOTORS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01123HKCHINA-HK PHOTO2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01124HKCOASTAL GL2003-07
Equity (HKEX)01125HKLAI FUNG HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01126HKDREAM INT'L2002-02
Equity (HKEX)01127HKLION ROCK GROUP2007-12
Equity (HKEX)01128HKWYNN MACAU2009-10
Equity (HKEX)01129HKWATER INDUSTRY2002-01
Equity (HKEX)01130HKCHINA ENV RES2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01132HKORANGE SKY G H2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01133HKHARBIN ELECTRIC2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01134HKKELFRED2019-07
Equity (HKEX)01137HKHK TECH VENTURE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01138HKCOSCO SHIP ENGY2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01139HKVICTORY GROUP2001-08
Equity (HKEX)01140HKWEALTHKING INV2003-03
Equity (HKEX)01141HKCMBC CAP-NEW2003-01
Equity (HKEX)01142HKSIBERIAN MINING2002-11
Equity (HKEX)01143HKLINKASIA MEDTEC2011-01
Equity (HKEX)01145HKCOURAGE INV2011-06
Equity (HKEX)01146HKCH OUTFITTERS2011-12
Equity (HKEX)01147HKEDENSOFT2020-05
Equity (HKEX)01148HKPOWER XINCHEN2013-03
Equity (HKEX)01150HKMILAN STATION2007-12
Equity (HKEX)01152HKMOMENTUM FIN2011-10
Equity (HKEX)01153HKJIAYUAN SER2020-12
Equity (HKEX)01156HKCHINANEWENERGY2020-07
Equity (HKEX)01157HKZOOMLION2010-12
Equity (HKEX)01159HKSTARLIGHT CUL2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01160HKYOUTH CHAMP2004-04
Equity (HKEX)01161HKWATER OASIS GP2002-03
Equity (HKEX)01162HKLUMINA GROUP2017-10
Equity (HKEX)01163HKADTIGER CORP2020-07
Equity (HKEX)01164HKCGN MINING2002-02
Equity (HKEX)01165HKSFCE2008-01
Equity (HKEX)01166HKSOLARTECH INT'L2002-10
Equity (HKEX)01167HKJACOBIO-B2020-12
Equity (HKEX)01168HKSINOLINK HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01170HKKINGMAKER2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01171HKYANKUANG ENERGY2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01172HKMAGNUSCONCORDIA2002-06
Equity (HKEX)01173HKVEEKO INT'L2000-10
Equity (HKEX)01175HKFRESH EXP2004-12
Equity (HKEX)01176HKZHUGUANG HOLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01177HKSINO BIOPHARM2004-05
Equity (HKEX)01178HKHUIYIN HLDGS GP2002-02
Equity (HKEX)01179HKHUAZHU-S2020-09
Equity (HKEX)01180HKPARADISE ENT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01181HKTANG PALACE2008-01
Equity (HKEX)01182HKSUCCESS DRAGON2006-05
Equity (HKEX)01183HKMECOM POWER2018-02
Equity (HKEX)01184HKS.A.S. DRAGON2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01185HKCHINA ENERGINE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01186HKCHINA RAIL CONS2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01188HKHYBRID KINETIC2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01189HKGBA DYNAMIC2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01191HKCHINA GEM HLDGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01192HKTITAN PETROCHEM2002-06
Equity (HKEX)01193HKCHINA RES GAS2001-02
Equity (HKEX)01194HKBAY AREA GOLD2004-10
Equity (HKEX)01195HKKINGWELL GROUP2001-05
Equity (HKEX)01196HKREALORD GROUP2001-05
Equity (HKEX)01198HKROYALE HOME2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01199HKCOSCO SHIP PORT2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01200HKMIDLAND HOLDING2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01201HKTESSON HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01202HKCHENGDU PUTIAN2002-09
Equity (HKEX)01203HKGUANGNAN (HOLD)2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01205HKCITIC RESOURCES2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01206HKTECHNOVATOR2011-10
Equity (HKEX)01207HKSRE GROUP2002-02
Equity (HKEX)01208HKMMG2004-01
Equity (HKEX)01209HKCHINA RES MIXC2020-12
Equity (HKEX)01210HKCHRISTINE2012-02
Equity (HKEX)01211HKBYD COMPANY2002-07
Equity (HKEX)01212HKLIFESTYLE INT'L2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01213HKMOBICON GROUP2001-05
Equity (HKEX)01215HKKAI YUAN HLDGS2002-12
Equity (HKEX)01216HKZYBANK2017-07
Equity (HKEX)01217HKCH INNOVATION2002-08
Equity (HKEX)01218HKEASYKNIT INT'L2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01220HKZHIDAO INT'L2002-12
Equity (HKEX)01221HKSINO HOTELS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01222HKWANG ON GROUP2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01223HKSYMPHONY HOLD2003-09
Equity (HKEX)01224HKC C LAND2000-06
Equity (HKEX)01225HKLERADO FIN-NEW2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01226HKCH INV FIN GP2004-05
Equity (HKEX)01227HKNATIONAL INV2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01228HKCANBRIDGE-B2021-12
Equity (HKEX)01229HKNAN NAN RES2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01230HKYASHILI INT'L2010-11
Equity (HKEX)01231HKNEWTON RES2007-09
Equity (HKEX)01232HKGW TIANDI2013-01
Equity (HKEX)01233HKTIMES CHINA2013-12
Equity (HKEX)01234HKCHINA LILANG2009-09
Equity (HKEX)01235HKTRAVEL EXPERT2007-09
Equity (HKEX)01237HKCH ENV TECH&BIO2012-07
Equity (HKEX)01238HKPOWERLONG2009-10
Equity (HKEX)01239HKTEAMWAY INTL GP2011-11
Equity (HKEX)01240HKCNQC INT'L2012-10
Equity (HKEX)01241HKSHUANGHUA H2007-06
Equity (HKEX)01243HKWANG ON PPT2016-04
Equity (HKEX)01245HKNIRAKU2015-04
Equity (HKEX)01246HKBOILLHEALTHCARE2013-10
Equity (HKEX)01247HKMIKO INTL2014-01
Equity (HKEX)01250HKBE CLEAN ENERGY2013-07
Equity (HKEX)01251HKSPT ENERGY2011-12
Equity (HKEX)01252HKCHINA TIANRUI2011-12
Equity (HKEX)01253HKGREENLAND BROAD2014-09
Equity (HKEX)01255HKTATA HEALTH2013-07
Equity (HKEX)01257HKCEB GREENTECH2017-05
Equity (HKEX)01258HKCHINFMINING2012-06
Equity (HKEX)01259HKPROSPER FUTURE2007-07
Equity (HKEX)01260HKWONDERFUL SKY2012-03
Equity (HKEX)01262HKLABIXIAOXIN2011-12
Equity (HKEX)01263HKPC PARTNER2012-01
Equity (HKEX)01265HKTIANJINJINRAN2004-01
Equity (HKEX)01266HKXIWANG STEEL2012-02
Equity (HKEX)01268HKMEIDONG AUTO2013-12
Equity (HKEX)01269HKFIRST CAP GP2011-11
Equity (HKEX)01270HKLANGHAM-SS2013-05
Equity (HKEX)01271HKGRAND MING2013-08
Equity (HKEX)01272HKDATANG ENVIRO2016-11
Equity (HKEX)01273HKHK FINANCE GP2013-10
Equity (HKEX)01277HKKINETIC DEV2012-03
Equity (HKEX)01278HKCHINANEWTOWN2002-02
Equity (HKEX)01280HKQIDIAN INTL2010-03
Equity (HKEX)01281HKLT SMART ENERGY2012-01
Equity (HKEX)01282HKGLORY SUN FIN2010-12
Equity (HKEX)01283HKACCEL GROUP2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01285HKJIASHILI GP2014-09
Equity (HKEX)01286HKIMPRO PRECISION2019-07
Equity (HKEX)01288HKABC2010-07
Equity (HKEX)01289HKSUNLIT SCI2014-11
Equity (HKEX)01290HKCHINA HUIRONG2013-10
Equity (HKEX)01292HKCMA LOGISTICS2006-02
Equity (HKEX)01293HKGRAND BAOXIN2011-12
Equity (HKEX)01296HKGUODIAN TECH2011-12
Equity (HKEX)01297HKSINOSOFT TECH2013-07
Equity (HKEX)01298HKYUNNAN ENERGY2011-12
Equity (HKEX)01299HKAIA2010-10
Equity (HKEX)01300HKTRIGIANT2012-03
Equity (HKEX)01301HKD&G TECH2015-05
Equity (HKEX)01302HKLIFETECH SCI2011-11
Equity (HKEX)01303HKHUILI RES2012-01
Equity (HKEX)01305HKWAI CHI HOLD2014-11
Equity (HKEX)01308HKSITC2010-10
Equity (HKEX)01310HKHKBN2015-03
Equity (HKEX)01312HKTONGFANG KONTA2012-01
Equity (HKEX)01313HKCHINARES CEMENT2009-10
Equity (HKEX)01314HKTSUI WAH HLDG2012-11
Equity (HKEX)01315HKGREEN ECONOMY2012-01
Equity (HKEX)01316HKNEXTEER2013-10
Equity (HKEX)01317HKMAPLELEAF EDU2014-11
Equity (HKEX)01319HKOIWAHPAWN2013-03
Equity (HKEX)01321HKCHINA NEWCITY2014-07
Equity (HKEX)01323HKHUASHENG INTL2011-01
Equity (HKEX)01326HKTRANSMIT ENT2012-10
Equity (HKEX)01327HKLUXXU GROUP2015-01
Equity (HKEX)01328HKGOLDSTREAM INV2007-10
Equity (HKEX)01329HKCAPITAL GRAND2012-04
Equity (HKEX)01330HKDYNAGREEN ENV2014-06
Equity (HKEX)01332HKTOUYUN BIOTECH2000-06
Equity (HKEX)01333HKCHINA ZHONGWANG2009-05
Equity (HKEX)01335HKSHEEN TAI2012-07
Equity (HKEX)01336HKNCI2011-12
Equity (HKEX)01337HKRAZER2017-11
Equity (HKEX)01338HKBAWANG GROUP2009-07
Equity (HKEX)01339HKPICC GROUP2012-12
Equity (HKEX)01340HKHUISHENG INTL2014-02
Equity (HKEX)01341HKHAO TIAN INTL2015-12
Equity (HKEX)01343HKWEI YUAN HLDG2020-03
Equity (HKEX)01345HKPIONEER PHARM2013-11
Equity (HKEX)01346HKLEVER STYLE2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01347HKHUA HONG SEMI2014-10
Equity (HKEX)01348HKQUALI-SMART2013-01
Equity (HKEX)01349HKFUDANZHANGJIANG2002-08
Equity (HKEX)01351HKBRIGHT FUTURE2020-11
Equity (HKEX)01355HKLEGEND STRAT2011-07
Equity (HKEX)01357HKMEITU2016-12
Equity (HKEX)01358HKPW MEDTECH2013-11
Equity (HKEX)01359HKCHINA CINDA2013-12
Equity (HKEX)01360HKNOVA GROUP2013-11
Equity (HKEX)01361HK361 DEGREES2009-06
Equity (HKEX)01362HKSIS MOBILE2015-01
Equity (HKEX)01365HKRUNDONG AUTO2014-10
Equity (HKEX)01366HKJIANGNAN GP2012-04
Equity (HKEX)01367HKSFUND INTL HLDG2014-07
Equity (HKEX)01368HKXTEP INT'L2008-06
Equity (HKEX)01370HKAOWEI HOLDING2013-11
Equity (HKEX)01371HKCHINA ECOTOUR2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01372HKC CARBONNEUTRAL2013-12
Equity (HKEX)01373HKIH RETAIL2013-09
Equity (HKEX)01375HKCC SECURITIES2014-10
Equity (HKEX)01376HKRAFFLESINTERIOR2020-05
Equity (HKEX)01378HKCHINAHONGQIAO2011-03
Equity (HKEX)01379HKWENLING MCT2020-12
Equity (HKEX)01380HKCHI KINGSTONE2011-03
Equity (HKEX)01381HKCANVEST ENV2014-12
Equity (HKEX)01382HKPACIFICTEXTILES2007-05
Equity (HKEX)01383HKSUNCITY GROUP2007-02
Equity (HKEX)01385HKSHANGHAI FUDAN2000-08
Equity (HKEX)01386HKVESTATE GROUP2007-06
Equity (HKEX)01387HKCHINA DILI2008-10
Equity (HKEX)01388HKEMBRY HOLDINGS2006-12
Equity (HKEX)01389HKMAJOR HLDGS2014-01
Equity (HKEX)01393HKHIDILI INDUSTRY2007-09
Equity (HKEX)01395HKELL ENV2014-09
Equity (HKEX)01396HKGD-HKGBA HLDGS2013-10
Equity (HKEX)01397HKBAGUIO GREEN2014-05
Equity (HKEX)01398HKICBC2006-10
Equity (HKEX)01399HKVESON HLDG2006-12
Equity (HKEX)01400HKMOODY TECH HLDG2014-10
Equity (HKEX)01401HKSPROCOMM INTEL2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01402HKI-CONTROL2015-05
Equity (HKEX)01408HKMACAU E&M2020-09
Equity (HKEX)01410HKEDVANCE INTL2017-04
Equity (HKEX)01412HKQ P GROUP2020-01
Equity (HKEX)01413HKKWONG LUEN ENG2021-03
Equity (HKEX)01415HKCOWELL2015-03
Equity (HKEX)01416HKCTR HOLDINGS2020-01
Equity (HKEX)01417HKRIVERINE CHINA2017-12
Equity (HKEX)01418HKSINOMAX GROUP2014-09
Equity (HKEX)01419HKHUMAN HEALTH2016-04
Equity (HKEX)01420HKCHUAN HOLDING2016-06
Equity (HKEX)01421HKKINGBO STRIKE2013-12
Equity (HKEX)01425HKJUSTIN ALLEN H2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01427HKCH TIANBAO GP2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01428HKBRIGHT SMART2010-08
Equity (HKEX)01429HKSKYMISSION GP2020-09
Equity (HKEX)01431HKYST DAIRY2013-11
Equity (HKEX)01432HKCHINA SHENGMU2014-07
Equity (HKEX)01433HKCIRTEK HLDGS2020-03
Equity (HKEX)01439HKMOBILE INTERNET2014-01
Equity (HKEX)01440HKDEYUN HOLDING2021-01
Equity (HKEX)01442HKINFINITY L&T2020-01
Equity (HKEX)01443HKFULUM GP HLDG2014-11
Equity (HKEX)01446HKHUNGFOOKTONG2014-07
Equity (HKEX)01447HKSFK2015-12
Equity (HKEX)01448HKFU SHOU YUAN2013-12
Equity (HKEX)01449HKLEADER EDU2020-08
Equity (HKEX)01450HKCENTURY SAGE2014-10
Equity (HKEX)01451HKMS GROUP HLDGS2018-06
Equity (HKEX)01452HKDENOX ENV2015-11
Equity (HKEX)01455HKFOURACE IND GP2020-09
Equity (HKEX)01456HKGUOLIAN SEC2015-07
Equity (HKEX)01458HKZHOU HEI YA2016-11
Equity (HKEX)01459HKJUJIANG CONS2016-01
Equity (HKEX)01460HKICO GROUP2015-03
Equity (HKEX)01461HKLUZHENG FUTURES2015-07
Equity (HKEX)01463HKC-LINK SQ2020-03
Equity (HKEX)01466HKAFFLUENTPARTNER2014-10
Equity (HKEX)01468HKKINGKEY FIN INT2012-08
Equity (HKEX)01469HKGET NICE FIN2016-04
Equity (HKEX)01470HKPROSPER ONE2015-05
Equity (HKEX)01472HKSANG HING HLDGS2020-03
Equity (HKEX)01473HKPANGAEA CONNECT2021-02
Equity (HKEX)01475HKNISSIN FOODS2017-12
Equity (HKEX)01476HKHENGTOU SEC2015-10
Equity (HKEX)01477HKOCUMENSION-B2020-07
Equity (HKEX)01478HKQ TECH2014-12
Equity (HKEX)01480HKYAN TAT GROUP2014-12
Equity (HKEX)01481HKSMART GLOBE2017-12
Equity (HKEX)01483HKNET-A-GO TECH2013-12
Equity (HKEX)01486HKC CHENG HLDGS2013-12
Equity (HKEX)01488HKBEST FOOD HLDG2002-01
Equity (HKEX)01490HKCHESHI TECH2021-01
Equity (HKEX)01495HKJIYI HOLDINGS2015-11
Equity (HKEX)01496HKAP RENTALS2016-04
Equity (HKEX)01498HKPURAPHARM2015-07
Equity (HKEX)01499HKOKG TECH2015-09
Equity (HKEX)01500HKINCON2015-04
Equity (HKEX)01501HKKDL MEDICAL2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01502HKFIN STREET PPT2020-07
Equity (HKEX)01508HKCHINA RE2015-10
Equity (HKEX)01513HKLIVZON PHARMA2014-01
Equity (HKEX)01515HKCR MEDICAL2013-11
Equity (HKEX)01516HKSUNAC SERVICES2020-11
Equity (HKEX)01518HKNC HEALTHCARE2017-01
Equity (HKEX)01520HKCEFC FIN INV2013-12
Equity (HKEX)01521HKFRONTAGE2019-05
Equity (HKEX)01522HKBII TRANS TECH2012-05
Equity (HKEX)01523HKPLOVER BAY TECH2016-07
Equity (HKEX)01525HKGENCH EDU2020-01
Equity (HKEX)01526HKRICI HEALTH2016-10
Equity (HKEX)01527HKTENGY ENV2015-10
Equity (HKEX)01528HKRS MACALLINE2015-06
Equity (HKEX)01529HKGOAL RISE2017-10
Equity (HKEX)01530HK3SBIO2015-06
Equity (HKEX)01532HKCHINA PARTYTIME2015-10
Equity (HKEX)01533HKZHUANGYUAN PA2015-10
Equity (HKEX)01536HKYUK WING GP2017-01
Equity (HKEX)01538HKZHONG AO HOME2015-11
Equity (HKEX)01539HKSYNERGY GROUP2015-03
Equity (HKEX)01540HKLEFTFIELD PRINT2018-10
Equity (HKEX)01542HKTAIZHOU WATER2019-12
Equity (HKEX)01543HKJOIN-SHARE2015-12
Equity (HKEX)01545HKDESIGN CAPITAL2019-04
Equity (HKEX)01546HKTHELLOY DEV2015-10
Equity (HKEX)01547HKIBI GROUP HLDGS2016-10
Equity (HKEX)01548HKGENSCRIPT BIO2015-12
Equity (HKEX)01549HKEVER HARVEST GP2016-07
Equity (HKEX)01551HKGRCB2017-06
Equity (HKEX)01553HKMAIKE TUBE2019-12
Equity (HKEX)01555HKMIE HOLDINGS2010-12
Equity (HKEX)01556HKCHINNEY KW2015-11
Equity (HKEX)01557HKK.H. GP HLDGS2016-03
Equity (HKEX)01558HKHEC PHARM2015-12
Equity (HKEX)01559HKKWAN ON HLDGS2015-03
Equity (HKEX)01560HKSTAR GROUP CO2016-07
Equity (HKEX)01561HKPAN ASIA DATA H2015-12
Equity (HKEX)01563HKIA FIN LEASING2019-03
Equity (HKEX)01565HKVIRSCEND EDU2016-01
Equity (HKEX)01566HKCA CULTURAL2015-03
Equity (HKEX)01568HKSUNDART HLDGS2015-12
Equity (HKEX)01569HKMINSHENG EDU2017-03
Equity (HKEX)01570HKWEIYE HOLDINGS2016-04
Equity (HKEX)01571HKXIN POINT HOLD2017-06
Equity (HKEX)01572HKCHINA ART FIN2016-11
Equity (HKEX)01575HKMORRIS HOME2017-01
Equity (HKEX)01576HKQILU EXPRESSWAY2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01577HKHUIXIN CREDIT2016-09
Equity (HKEX)01578HKBANK OF TIANJIN2016-03
Equity (HKEX)01579HKYIHAI INTL2016-07
Equity (HKEX)01580HKDA SEN HLDGS2016-12
Equity (HKEX)01581HKPROGRESSIVE P2016-12
Equity (HKEX)01582HKCR CONSTRUCTION2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01583HKQINQIN FOODS2016-07
Equity (HKEX)01585HKYADEA2016-05
Equity (HKEX)01586HKLEON INSPECTION2016-07
Equity (HKEX)01587HKSHINEROAD INTL2018-06
Equity (HKEX)01588HKCHANJET2014-10
Equity (HKEX)01589HKCNLP2016-07
Equity (HKEX)01591HKSHUN WO GROUP2016-09
Equity (HKEX)01592HKANCHORSTONE2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01593HKCHEN LIN EDU2019-12
Equity (HKEX)01596HKYICHEN IND2016-12
Equity (HKEX)01597HKNATURE ENERGY T2020-10
Equity (HKEX)01598HK21CENTURY EDU2018-05
Equity (HKEX)01599HKUCD2014-07
Equity (HKEX)01600HKTIAN LUN GAS2010-11
Equity (HKEX)01601HKZGC TEC LEASING2020-01
Equity (HKEX)01606HKCDB LEASING2016-07
Equity (HKEX)01608HKVPOWER GROUP2016-11
Equity (HKEX)01609HKCHONG KIN GP2016-10
Equity (HKEX)01610HKCOFCO JOYCOME2016-11
Equity (HKEX)01611HKHUOBI TECH2016-11
Equity (HKEX)01612HKVINCENT MED2016-07
Equity (HKEX)01613HKSYNERTONE2012-04
Equity (HKEX)01615HKAB BUILDERS2018-09
Equity (HKEX)01616HKSTARRISE MEDIA2012-07
Equity (HKEX)01617HKNANFANG COMM2016-12
Equity (HKEX)01618HKMCC2009-09
Equity (HKEX)01620HKCINESE INTL2018-06
Equity (HKEX)01621HKVICO INTL HLDGS2018-03
Equity (HKEX)01622HKREDCO GROUP2014-01
Equity (HKEX)01623HKHILONG2011-04
Equity (HKEX)01626HKJIA YAO HLDGS2014-06
Equity (HKEX)01627HKABLE ENG HLDGS2017-02
Equity (HKEX)01628HKYUZHOU GROUP2009-11
Equity (HKEX)01629HKCHAMP ALLI INTL2016-11
Equity (HKEX)01630HKKIN SHING HLDGS2017-06
Equity (HKEX)01631HKREF HOLDINGS2015-09
Equity (HKEX)01632HKMSCTECH2016-11
Equity (HKEX)01633HKSHEUNG YUE GP2016-11
Equity (HKEX)01635HKDZUG2016-12
Equity (HKEX)01636HKCMRU2014-02
Equity (HKEX)01637HKSH GROUP HLDG2017-01
Equity (HKEX)01638HKKAISA GROUP2009-12
Equity (HKEX)01639HKAKM INDUSTRIAL2004-08
Equity (HKEX)01640HKRUICHENG CHINA2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01643HKMODERN CHI MED2021-01
Equity (HKEX)01645HKHAINA INTEL2020-06
Equity (HKEX)01647HKGRANDSHORES2017-03
Equity (HKEX)01650HKHYGIEIA GROUP2020-07
Equity (HKEX)01651HKTSUGAMI CHINA2017-09
Equity (HKEX)01652HKFUSEN PHARM2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01653HKMOS HOUSE2018-10
Equity (HKEX)01655HKOKURA HOLDINGS2017-05
Equity (HKEX)01656HKISDN HOLDINGS2017-01
Equity (HKEX)01657HKSG GROUP HLDGS2017-03
Equity (HKEX)01658HKPSBC2016-09
Equity (HKEX)01660HKZHAOBANGJI PPT2017-02
Equity (HKEX)01661HKWISDOM SPORTS2013-07
Equity (HKEX)01662HKYEE HOP HLDGS2015-12
Equity (HKEX)01663HKS HARBOURHOLD2011-07
Equity (HKEX)01665HKPENTAMASTER2018-01
Equity (HKEX)01666HKTONG REN TANG2000-10
Equity (HKEX)01667HKMILESTONE BUILD2017-04
Equity (HKEX)01668HKCHINASOUTHCITY2009-09
Equity (HKEX)01669HKGIC GROUP2014-12
Equity (HKEX)01671HKTIANBAO ENERGY2018-04
Equity (HKEX)01672HKASCLETIS-B2018-08
Equity (HKEX)01673HKHUAZHANG TECH2013-05
Equity (HKEX)01675HKASIAINFO TECH2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01676HKSHENGHAI GROUP2017-07
Equity (HKEX)01679HKRISECOMM GP2017-06
Equity (HKEX)01680HKMACAU LEGEND2013-07
Equity (HKEX)01681HKCONSUN PHARMA2013-12
Equity (HKEX)01682HKHP LIVING TECH2007-12
Equity (HKEX)01683HKHOPE LIFE INT2015-09
Equity (HKEX)01685HKBOER POWER2010-10
Equity (HKEX)01686HKSUNEVISION2000-03
Equity (HKEX)01689HKHUAXIHOLDINGS2013-12
Equity (HKEX)01691HKJS GLOBAL LIFE2019-12
Equity (HKEX)01692HKTOWNRAY HLDGS2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01693HKBGMC2017-08
Equity (HKEX)01695HKS&P INTL HLDG2017-07
Equity (HKEX)01696HKSISRAM MED2017-09
Equity (HKEX)01697HKSDITC2017-12
Equity (HKEX)01699HKPUTIAN FOOD2012-07
Equity (HKEX)01701HKTU YI HLDG2019-07
Equity (HKEX)01702HKDONGGUANG CHEM2017-07
Equity (HKEX)01703HKPALACE BANQUET2019-02
Equity (HKEX)01705HKB & S INTL HLDG2018-03
Equity (HKEX)01706HKSHUANG YUN HLDG2017-11
Equity (HKEX)01707HKGEOTECH HLDGS2017-10
Equity (HKEX)01708HKSAMPLE TECH2004-06
Equity (HKEX)01709HKDL HOLDINGS GP2015-10
Equity (HKEX)01710HKTRIO IND ELEC2017-11
Equity (HKEX)01711HKULFERTS2018-01
Equity (HKEX)01712HKDRAGON MINING2018-11
Equity (HKEX)01713HKSICHUAN EN INV2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01715HKMIJI INTL HLDGS2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01716HKMOST KWAI CHUNG2018-03
Equity (HKEX)01717HKAUSNUTRIA2009-10
Equity (HKEX)01718HKWAN KEI GROUP2015-08
Equity (HKEX)01719HKCIL GROUP2005-09
Equity (HKEX)01720HKPUTIAN COMM2017-11
Equity (HKEX)01721HKFSM HOLDINGS2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01722HKKIN PANG HLDGS2017-12
Equity (HKEX)01723HKHK ASIA HLDGS2018-09
Equity (HKEX)01725HKHK AERO TECH2018-08
Equity (HKEX)01726HKHKE HOLDINGS2018-04
Equity (HKEX)01727HKHEBEI CONS2017-12
Equity (HKEX)01728HKZHENGTONGAUTO2010-12
Equity (HKEX)01729HKTIME INTERCON2018-02
Equity (HKEX)01730HKLHN2017-12
Equity (HKEX)01731HKPROSPEROUS IND2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01732HKXIANGXING INT2017-07
Equity (HKEX)01733HKE-COMMODITIES2010-10
Equity (HKEX)01735HKCENTRAL HOLDING2018-03
Equity (HKEX)01736HKPARENTING NET2015-07
Equity (HKEX)01737HKA & S GROUP2018-03
Equity (HKEX)01738HKFS ANTHRACITE2014-01
Equity (HKEX)01739HKQEEKA HOME2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01740HKVALUES CULTURAL2020-01
Equity (HKEX)01741HKRI YING HLDGS2018-10
Equity (HKEX)01742HKHPC HOLDINGS2018-05
Equity (HKEX)01745HKLVJI TECH2020-01
Equity (HKEX)01746HKMAN SHUN GP2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01747HKHOME CONTROL2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01748HKXIN YUAN ENT2018-09
Equity (HKEX)01749HKSHANSHAN2018-06
Equity (HKEX)01750HKREM GROUP HLDGS2018-05
Equity (HKEX)01751HKKINGLAND GROUP2016-12
Equity (HKEX)01752HKTOP EDUCATION2018-05
Equity (HKEX)01753HKDUIBA2019-05
Equity (HKEX)01755HKS-ENJOY SERVICE2018-11
Equity (HKEX)01756HKHUALI UNIV GP2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01757HKAFFLUENT FDN2018-06
Equity (HKEX)01758HKBOJUN EDU2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01759HKSINO GAS HLDGS2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01760HKINTRON TECH2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01761HKBABYTREE GROUP2018-11
Equity (HKEX)01762HKWANKA ONLINE2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01763HKCIRC2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01765HKHOPE EDU2018-08
Equity (HKEX)01766HKCRRC2008-08
Equity (HKEX)01767HKTS WONDERS2019-01
Equity (HKEX)01769HKSCHOLAR EDU2019-06
Equity (HKEX)01771HKSUNFONDA GP2014-10
Equity (HKEX)01772HKGANFENGLITHIUM2018-10
Equity (HKEX)01773HKTIANLI EDU2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01775HKBEXCELLENT GP2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01776HKGF SEC2015-04
Equity (HKEX)01777HKFANTASIA2009-11
Equity (HKEX)01778HKCOLOUR LIFE2014-06
Equity (HKEX)01780HKB & D STRATEGIC2019-04
Equity (HKEX)01781HKSC CREATIVE DEV2018-10
Equity (HKEX)01782HKVIXTEL TECH2016-12
Equity (HKEX)01783HKGOLDEN PONDER2018-08
Equity (HKEX)01785HKCHENGDU EXPWAY2019-01
Equity (HKEX)01786HKCRCCE2015-12
Equity (HKEX)01787HKSD GOLD2018-09
Equity (HKEX)01788HKGUOTAI JUNAN I2010-07
Equity (HKEX)01789HKAK MEDICAL2017-12
Equity (HKEX)01790HKTIL ENVIRO2018-11
Equity (HKEX)01792HKCMON2016-12
Equity (HKEX)01793HKWECON HOLDINGS2019-02
Equity (HKEX)01795HKYADONG GROUP2020-11
Equity (HKEX)01796HKYIELD GO HLDGS2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01797HKKOOLEARN2019-03
Equity (HKEX)01798HKDATANG RENEW2010-12
Equity (HKEX)01799HKXINTE ENERGY2015-12
Equity (HKEX)01800HKCHINA COMM CONS2006-12
Equity (HKEX)01801HKINNOVENT BIO2018-10
Equity (HKEX)01802HKWENYE GROUP2020-01
Equity (HKEX)01803HKBJ SPORTS & ENT2012-01
Equity (HKEX)01808HKENTERPRISE DEV2007-01
Equity (HKEX)01809HKPRINX CHENGSHAN2018-10
Equity (HKEX)01810HKXIAOMI-W2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01811HKCGN NEW ENERGY2014-10
Equity (HKEX)01812HKCHENMING PAPER2008-06
Equity (HKEX)01813HKKWG GROUP2007-07
Equity (HKEX)01815HKCSMALL2018-03
Equity (HKEX)01816HKCGN POWER2014-12
Equity (HKEX)01817HKMULSANNE GROUP2019-05
Equity (HKEX)01818HKZHAOJIN MINING2006-12
Equity (HKEX)01820HKPM PACKAGING2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01821HKESR2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01822HKCHINA WOOD INT2009-12
Equity (HKEX)01823HKHUAYUEXPRESSWAY2009-12
Equity (HKEX)01825HKSTERLING GP2018-10
Equity (HKEX)01826HKSTEERING HLDGS2015-09
Equity (HKEX)01827HKMIRICOR2017-01
Equity (HKEX)01830HKPERFECT MEDICAL2012-02
Equity (HKEX)01831HKSHIFANG HLDG2010-12
Equity (HKEX)01832HKSAI LEISURE2019-05
Equity (HKEX)01833HKPA GOODDOCTOR2018-05
Equity (HKEX)01835HKREALWAY CAPITAL2018-11
Equity (HKEX)01836HKSTELLA HOLDINGS2007-07
Equity (HKEX)01837HKNATURAL FOOD IH2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01838HKCHINAPROPERTIES2007-02
Equity (HKEX)01839HKCIMC VEHICLES2019-07
Equity (HKEX)01841HKA.PLUS GROUP2016-04
Equity (HKEX)01842HKGROWN UP GROUP2019-07
Equity (HKEX)01843HKSNACK EMPIRE2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01845HKWG ENV TECH2019-01
Equity (HKEX)01846HKEUROEYES2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01847HKGHPC2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01848HKCALC2014-10
Equity (HKEX)01849HKAM GROUP2019-06
Equity (HKEX)01850HKWINDMILL GP2017-04
Equity (HKEX)01851HKGINGKO EDU2019-01
Equity (HKEX)01853HKCHUNCHENG HEAT2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01854HKCHINA WANTIAN2016-10
Equity (HKEX)01855HKZONBONG ENVIRO2021-01
Equity (HKEX)01856HKERNEST BOREL2014-07
Equity (HKEX)01857HKCEB WATER2019-05
Equity (HKEX)01858HKCHUNLI MEDICAL2015-03
Equity (HKEX)01859HKBRIGHT CULTURE2020-03
Equity (HKEX)01860HKMOBVISTA2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01861HKPRECIOUS DRAGON2019-06
Equity (HKEX)01862HKJINGRUI HLDGS2013-10
Equity (HKEX)01863HKCHI LONGEVITY2010-04
Equity (HKEX)01865HKTRENDZON HLDG2019-03
Equity (HKEX)01866HKCHINA XLX FERT2009-12
Equity (HKEX)01867HKSTD DEV GROUP2017-01
Equity (HKEX)01868HKNEO-NEON2006-12
Equity (HKEX)01869HKLI BAO GE GP2016-06
Equity (HKEX)01870HKACME INTL HLDGS2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01871HKCHINA ORIENTED2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01872HKGUAN CHAO HLDGS2019-02
Equity (HKEX)01873HKVIVA BIOTECH2019-05
Equity (HKEX)01875HKTOT BIOPHARM-B2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01876HKBUD APAC2019-09
Equity (HKEX)01877HKJUNSHI BIO2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01878HKSOUTHGOBI-S2010-01
Equity (HKEX)01882HKHAITIAN INT'L2006-12
Equity (HKEX)01883HKCITIC TELECOM2007-04
Equity (HKEX)01884HKEPRINT GROUP2013-12
Equity (HKEX)01885HKCH WOOD OPT2014-01
Equity (HKEX)01888HKKB LAMINATES2006-12
Equity (HKEX)01889HKSANAI HEALTH GP2007-02
Equity (HKEX)01890HKCHINA KEPEI2019-01
Equity (HKEX)01891HKHENG HUP2019-03
Equity (HKEX)01894HKHANG YICK HLDGS2018-10
Equity (HKEX)01895HKXINYUAN PM2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01896HKMAOYAN ENT2019-02
Equity (HKEX)01897HKMILLIONHOPE IND2019-03
Equity (HKEX)01898HKCHINA COAL2006-12
Equity (HKEX)01899HKXINGDA INT'L2006-12
Equity (HKEX)01900HKCHINA ITS2010-07
Equity (HKEX)01901HKFEIYANG GROUP2019-07
Equity (HKEX)01902HKYINCHENG INTL2019-03
Equity (HKEX)01903HKJBB BUILDERS2019-05
Equity (HKEX)01905HKHAITONG UT2019-06
Equity (HKEX)01906HKBONNY HLDG2019-04
Equity (HKEX)01907HKCHINA RISUN GP2019-03
Equity (HKEX)01908HKC&D INTL GROUP2012-12
Equity (HKEX)01909HKFIRE ROCK2016-02
Equity (HKEX)01910HKSAMSONITE2007-11
Equity (HKEX)01911HKCR HOLDINGS2018-09
Equity (HKEX)01912HKCONTEL2019-07
Equity (HKEX)01913HKPRADA2007-10
Equity (HKEX)01915HKTAIHE M-FIN2017-05
Equity (HKEX)01916HKJIANGXI BANK2018-06
Equity (HKEX)01917HKDOUMOB2019-03
Equity (HKEX)01918HKSUNAC2010-10
Equity (HKEX)01919HKCOSCO SHIP HOLD2005-06
Equity (HKEX)01920HKHANDS FORM HLDG2019-08
Equity (HKEX)01921HKDALIPAL HLDG2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01922HKYINCHENG LS2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01925HKKWUNGS HOLDINGS2020-01
Equity (HKEX)01927HKJIUJIUWANG2021-03
Equity (HKEX)01928HKSANDS CHINA LTD2009-11
Equity (HKEX)01929HKCHOW TAI FOOK2011-12
Equity (HKEX)01930HKSHINELONG2019-07
Equity (HKEX)01931HKIVD MEDICAL2019-07
Equity (HKEX)01932HKCPM GROUP2017-07
Equity (HKEX)01933HKONEFORCE HLDGS2018-03
Equity (HKEX)01935HKJH EDUCATION2019-06
Equity (HKEX)01936HKRITAMIX2020-05
Equity (HKEX)01937HKJIACHEN HOLDING2020-01
Equity (HKEX)01938HKCHU KONG PIPE2010-02
Equity (HKEX)01939HKTOKYO CHUO2018-10
Equity (HKEX)01940HKCGII HLDGS2020-12
Equity (HKEX)01941HKYE XING GROUP2020-03
Equity (HKEX)01942HKMOG HOLDINGS2020-04
Equity (HKEX)01943HKSILVER TIDE2019-07
Equity (HKEX)01945HKZERO2IPO2020-12
Equity (HKEX)01948HKUJU HOLDING2021-11
Equity (HKEX)01949HKPLATT NERA2019-07
Equity (HKEX)01950HKSUNLIGHT TECH H2020-03
Equity (HKEX)01951HKJXR2019-06
Equity (HKEX)01952HKEVEREST MED-B2020-10
Equity (HKEX)01953HKRIMBACO2020-04
Equity (HKEX)01955HKJOHNSON HLDGS2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01957HKMBV INTL2020-07
Equity (HKEX)01958HKBAIC MOTOR2014-12
Equity (HKEX)01959HKCENT UNIT HLDG2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01960HKTBKS HLDGS2019-09
Equity (HKEX)01961HKJIU ZUN DIGITAL2020-03
Equity (HKEX)01962HKEVERGREEN PG2017-07
Equity (HKEX)01963HKBCQ2013-11
Equity (HKEX)01965HKLANDSEA LIFE2021-07
Equity (HKEX)01966HKCHINA SCE GROUP2010-02
Equity (HKEX)01967HKCONFIDENCE IN2019-10
Equity (HKEX)01968HKHINGTEX HLDGS2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01969HKCHINA CHUNLAI2018-09
Equity (HKEX)01970HKIMAX CHINA2015-10
Equity (HKEX)01971HKRSUN SER2020-07
Equity (HKEX)01972HKSWIREPROPERTIES2000-01
Equity (HKEX)01975HKSUN HING PRINT2017-11
Equity (HKEX)01977HKANALOGUE HLDGS2019-07
Equity (HKEX)01978HKLH GROUP2018-05
Equity (HKEX)01979HKTEN PAO GROUP2015-12
Equity (HKEX)01980HKTIANGE2014-07
Equity (HKEX)01981HKCATHAY EDU2020-07
Equity (HKEX)01982HKNAMESON HLDGS2016-04
Equity (HKEX)01983HKLUZHOU BANK2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01985HKMICROWARE2017-03
Equity (HKEX)01986HKTSAKER CHEM2015-07
Equity (HKEX)01987HKBENG SOON MACH2019-11
Equity (HKEX)01988HKMINSHENG BANK2009-11
Equity (HKEX)01989HKPINE CARE GP2017-02
Equity (HKEX)01991HKTA YANG GROUP2007-06
Equity (HKEX)01992HKFOSUN TOURISM2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01993HKASIARAY2015-01
Equity (HKEX)01995HKCIFI ES SERVICE2018-12
Equity (HKEX)01996HKRSUN PPT2018-07
Equity (HKEX)01997HKWHARF REIC2017-11
Equity (HKEX)01999HKMAN WAH HLDGS2010-04
Equity (HKEX)02000HKSIM TECH2005-06
Equity (HKEX)02001HKNEW HIGHER EDU2017-04
Equity (HKEX)02002HKSUNSHINE PAPER2007-12
Equity (HKEX)02003HKVCREDIT2018-06
Equity (HKEX)02005HKSSY GROUP2005-12
Equity (HKEX)02006HKJINJIANGCAPITAL2006-12
Equity (HKEX)02007HKCOUNTRY GARDEN2007-04
Equity (HKEX)02008HKPHOENIX TV2000-06
Equity (HKEX)02009HKBBMG2009-07
Equity (HKEX)02011HKCHINA APEX GP2011-01
Equity (HKEX)02012HKSUNSHINE OIL2012-03
Equity (HKEX)02013HKWEIMOB INC2019-01
Equity (HKEX)02014HKOZNER WATER2014-06
Equity (HKEX)02015HKLI AUTO-W2021-08
Equity (HKEX)02016HKCZBANK2016-03
Equity (HKEX)02017HKCHANHIGH2017-04
Equity (HKEX)02018HKAAC TECH2005-08
Equity (HKEX)02019HKDEXIN CHINA2019-02
Equity (HKEX)02020HKANTA SPORTS2007-07
Equity (HKEX)02022HKDIGIT HOLLYWOOD2017-12
Equity (HKEX)02023HKCHINA LUDAO2013-10
Equity (HKEX)02025HKRUIFENG POWER2018-01
Equity (HKEX)02028HKJOLIMARK2005-06
Equity (HKEX)02030HKCABBEEN2013-10
Equity (HKEX)02031HKAUSUPREME2016-09
Equity (HKEX)02033HKTIME WATCH2013-02
Equity (HKEX)02038HKFIH2005-02
Equity (HKEX)02039HKCIMC2012-12
Equity (HKEX)02048HKE-HOUSE ENT2018-07
Equity (HKEX)02051HK51 CREDIT CARD2018-07
Equity (HKEX)02057HKZTO EXPRESS-SW2020-09
Equity (HKEX)02060HKPUJIANG INTL2019-05
Equity (HKEX)02066HKSHENGJINGBANK2015-01
Equity (HKEX)02068HKCHALIECO2012-07
Equity (HKEX)02078HKPANASIALUM2013-04
Equity (HKEX)02080HKAUX INTL2014-01
Equity (HKEX)02086HKHNA TECH INV2003-11
Equity (HKEX)02088HKXIWANG PROPERTY2005-12
Equity (HKEX)02096HKSIMCERE PHARMA2020-10
Equity (HKEX)02098HKZALL SMARTCOM2011-07
Equity (HKEX)02099HKCHINAGOLDINTL2010-12
Equity (HKEX)02100HKBAIOO2014-04
Equity (HKEX)02101HKFULU HOLDINGS2020-09
Equity (HKEX)02102HKTAK LEE MACH2017-07
Equity (HKEX)02103HKSINIC HOLDINGS2019-11
Equity (HKEX)02107HKFIRST SERVICE2020-10
Equity (HKEX)02110HKYUE KAN HLDG2020-12
Equity (HKEX)02111HKBEST PACIFIC2014-05
Equity (HKEX)02112HKCAA RESOURCES2013-07
Equity (HKEX)02113HKCENTURY GP INTL2016-10
Equity (HKEX)02115HKCHANNEL MICRON2020-10
Equity (HKEX)02116HKJS INNOV2018-03
Equity (HKEX)02117HKDATANG GROUP2020-12
Equity (HKEX)02118HKTIAN SHAN DEV2010-07
Equity (HKEX)02119HKTSIT WING INTL2018-05
Equity (HKEX)02120HKKN HOSPITAL2015-11
Equity (HKEX)02122HKKIDSLAND INTL2017-11
Equity (HKEX)02125HKSTRAWBEAR ENT2021-01
Equity (HKEX)02126HKJW THERAP-B2020-11
Equity (HKEX)02127HKHUISEN INTL2020-12
Equity (HKEX)02128HKCHINA LESSO2010-06
Equity (HKEX)02129HKLEGION CONSO2021-01
Equity (HKEX)02130HKCN LOGISTICS2020-10
Equity (HKEX)02131HKNETJOY2020-12
Equity (HKEX)02132HKLANDRICH HLDG2020-10
Equity (HKEX)02133HKGREENWAY MINING2011-12
Equity (HKEX)02135HKRAILY AESMED2020-12
Equity (HKEX)02136HKLIFESTYLE CHI2016-07
Equity (HKEX)02137HKBRII-B2021-07
Equity (HKEX)02138HKEC HEALTHCARE2016-03
Equity (HKEX)02139HKBANK OF GANSU2018-01
Equity (HKEX)02142HKHBM HOLDINGS-B2020-12
Equity (HKEX)02146HKROISERV2021-01
Equity (HKEX)02148HKVESYNC2020-12
Equity (HKEX)02150HKNAYUKI2021-06
Equity (HKEX)02153HKTAT HONG EQUIP2021-01
Equity (HKEX)02155HKMORIMATSU INTL2021-06
Equity (HKEX)02156HKC&D PROPERTY2020-12
Equity (HKEX)02158HKYIDU TECH2021-01
Equity (HKEX)02159HKMEDIWELCOME2021-01
Equity (HKEX)02160HKCARDIOFLOW-B2021-02
Equity (HKEX)02161HKJBM HEALTHCARE2021-02
Equity (HKEX)02162HKKEYMED BIO-B2021-07
Equity (HKEX)02163HKBROAD HOMES2019-11
Equity (HKEX)02165HKLING YUE SER GP2021-07
Equity (HKEX)02166HKSMART-CORE2016-10
Equity (HKEX)02168HKKAISA PROSPER2018-12
Equity (HKEX)02169HKCANGGANGRAILWAY2020-10
Equity (HKEX)02170HKBASECARE-B2021-02
Equity (HKEX)02171HKCARSGEN-B2021-06
Equity (HKEX)02175HKCH GENERAL EDU2021-07
Equity (HKEX)02176HKCCID CONSULTING2002-12
Equity (HKEX)02177HKUNQ HOLDINGS2021-07
Equity (HKEX)02178HKPETRO-KING2013-03
Equity (HKEX)02180HKMANPOWER GRC2019-07
Equity (HKEX)02181HKMABPHARM-B2019-05
Equity (HKEX)02182HKTIAN CHANG GP2018-03
Equity (HKEX)02183HKSANSHENG HLDG2013-09
Equity (HKEX)02185HKBIOHEART-B2021-12
Equity (HKEX)02186HKLUYE PHARMA2014-07
Equity (HKEX)02187HKZHIXIN GP HLDG2021-03
Equity (HKEX)02188HKTITANS ENERGY2010-05
Equity (HKEX)02189HKKATO (HK) HLDGS2019-06
Equity (HKEX)02190HKZYLOXTB-B2021-07
Equity (HKEX)02192HKMEDLIVE2021-07
Equity (HKEX)02193HKMAN KING HOLD2015-07
Equity (HKEX)02195HKUNITY ENT2021-03
Equity (HKEX)02196HKFOSUN PHARMA2012-10
Equity (HKEX)02197HKCLOVER BIO-B2021-11
Equity (HKEX)02198HKCHINA SANJIANG2005-12
Equity (HKEX)02199HKREGINA MIRACLE2015-10
Equity (HKEX)02202HKCHINA VANKE2014-06
Equity (HKEX)02203HKBRAINHOLE TECH2015-10
Equity (HKEX)02205HKKANGQIAO SER2021-07
Equity (HKEX)02207HKRONSHINE SERV2021-07
Equity (HKEX)02208HKGOLDWIND2010-10
Equity (HKEX)02209HKYESASIA HLDGS2021-07
Equity (HKEX)02210HKBEIJING JIAYE2021-11
Equity (HKEX)02211HKUNI HEALTH2013-12
Equity (HKEX)02212HKFB MINING2015-01
Equity (HKEX)02213HKYI HUA HLDG2013-12
Equity (HKEX)02215HKDEXIN SER GROUP2021-07
Equity (HKEX)02216HKBRONCUS-B2021-09
Equity (HKEX)02217HKTAM JAI INTL2021-10
Equity (HKEX)02218HKANDRE JUICE2003-12
Equity (HKEX)02219HKCHAOJU EYE CARE2021-07
Equity (HKEX)02221HKNEW CONCEPTS2014-09
Equity (HKEX)02222HKNVC INTL2010-05
Equity (HKEX)02223HKCASABLANCA2012-11
Equity (HKEX)02225HKJINHAI INTL2017-10
Equity (HKEX)02226HKHONWORLD GP2014-01
Equity (HKEX)02227HKSOLIS HOLDINGS2017-12
Equity (HKEX)02228HKCECEP COSTIN2010-06
Equity (HKEX)02230HKMEDIALINK GROUP2019-05
Equity (HKEX)02231HKJY GRANDMARK2019-12
Equity (HKEX)02232HKCRYSTAL INTL2017-11
Equity (HKEX)02233HKWESTCHINACEMENT2006-12
Equity (HKEX)02235HKMICROTECH MED-B2021-10
Equity (HKEX)02236HKWISON ENGRG2012-12
Equity (HKEX)02238HKGAC GROUP2000-01
Equity (HKEX)02239HKSMIT2016-03
Equity (HKEX)02251HKAIRDOC-B2021-11
Equity (HKEX)02252HKMEDBOT-B2021-11
Equity (HKEX)02255HKHAICHANG HLDG2014-03
Equity (HKEX)02256HKABBISKO-B2021-10
Equity (HKEX)02258HKWATTS INT'L2018-11
Equity (HKEX)02262HKSLD GROUP2018-07
Equity (HKEX)02263HKFU SHEK FIN2020-02
Equity (HKEX)02265HKHC ENV TECH2021-11
Equity (HKEX)02266HKLAI SI ENT2017-02
Equity (HKEX)02269HKWUXI BIO2017-06
Equity (HKEX)02270HKDESUN SERVICES2021-12
Equity (HKEX)02273HKGUSHENGTANG2021-12
Equity (HKEX)02276HKCONANT OPTICAL2021-12
Equity (HKEX)02278HKHAILAN HLDGS2016-07
Equity (HKEX)02279HKYONGHE MEDICAL2021-12
Equity (HKEX)02280HKHC GROUP2003-12
Equity (HKEX)02281HKXINGLU WATER2017-03
Equity (HKEX)02282HKMGM CHINA2011-06
Equity (HKEX)02283HKTK GROUP HLDG2013-12
Equity (HKEX)02286HKCHEN XING2015-07
Equity (HKEX)02288HKRYKADAN CAPITAL2009-08
Equity (HKEX)02289HKCHARMACY PHAR2015-12
Equity (HKEX)02292HKTHING ON ENT2018-01
Equity (HKEX)02293HKBAMBOOSHEALTH2014-07
Equity (HKEX)02296HKHUARCHI GLOBAL2019-11
Equity (HKEX)02298HKCOSMO LADY2014-06
Equity (HKEX)02299HKBILLION IND2007-09
Equity (HKEX)02302HKCNNC INT'L2003-01
Equity (HKEX)02307HKKAM HING INT'L2004-09
Equity (HKEX)02308HKEVOC2003-10
Equity (HKEX)02309HKBIRMINGHAM SPTS2002-11
Equity (HKEX)02310HKTIMES UNI GP2005-09
Equity (HKEX)02312HKCH FIN LEASING2005-09
Equity (HKEX)02313HKSHENZHOU INTL2005-11
Equity (HKEX)02314HKLEE & MAN PAPER2005-09
Equity (HKEX)02317HKVEDAN INT'L2003-06
Equity (HKEX)02318HKPING AN2004-06
Equity (HKEX)02319HKMENGNIU DAIRY2004-06
Equity (HKEX)02320HKHOP FUNG GROUP2003-09
Equity (HKEX)02322HKHK CHAOSHANG GP2005-10
Equity (HKEX)02323HKRENCO HOLDINGS2002-06
Equity (HKEX)02324HKCAPITAL VC2003-10
Equity (HKEX)02326HKNPE HOLDINGS2003-03
Equity (HKEX)02327HKMEILLEUREHEALTH2003-10
Equity (HKEX)02328HKPICC P&C2003-11
Equity (HKEX)02329HKGUORUI PPT2014-10
Equity (HKEX)02330HKCHINA UPTOWN2001-02
Equity (HKEX)02331HKLI NING2004-06
Equity (HKEX)02333HKGREATWALL MOTOR2003-12
Equity (HKEX)02336HKHAILIANG INTL2003-03
Equity (HKEX)02337HKUNITED STRENGTH2017-10
Equity (HKEX)02338HKWEICHAI POWER2004-03
Equity (HKEX)02339HKBWI INT'L2003-10
Equity (HKEX)02340HKISP HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)02341HKECOGREEN2004-03
Equity (HKEX)02342HKCOMBA2003-07
Equity (HKEX)02343HKPACIFIC BASIN2004-07
Equity (HKEX)02346HKUNIVERSAL STAR2019-05
Equity (HKEX)02348HKDAWNRAYS PHARMA2003-07
Equity (HKEX)02349HKCH CITY INFRA2003-06
Equity (HKEX)02355HKBAOYE GROUP2003-06
Equity (HKEX)02356HKDAHSING BANKING2004-06
Equity (HKEX)02357HKAVICHINA2003-10
Equity (HKEX)02358HKJIU RONG HOLD2004-07
Equity (HKEX)02359HKWUXI APPTEC2018-12
Equity (HKEX)02360HKBEST MART 3602019-01
Equity (HKEX)02362HKJINCHUAN INTL2001-07
Equity (HKEX)02363HKTONGDA HONG TAI2018-03
Equity (HKEX)02366HKSMI CULTURE2004-06
Equity (HKEX)02368HKEAGLE NICE2003-08
Equity (HKEX)02369HKCOOLPAD GROUP2004-12
Equity (HKEX)02371HKCHUANGLIAN HOLD2004-11
Equity (HKEX)02377HKBOQI ENV2018-03
Equity (HKEX)02378HKPRU2010-05
Equity (HKEX)02379HKCCET2004-09
Equity (HKEX)02380HKCHINA POWER2004-10
Equity (HKEX)02381HKSMC ELECTRIC2020-06
Equity (HKEX)02382HKSUNNY OPTICAL2007-06
Equity (HKEX)02383HKTOM GROUP2004-03
Equity (HKEX)02386HKSINOPEC SEG2013-05
Equity (HKEX)02388HKBOC HONG KONG2002-07
Equity (HKEX)02389HKBJ HEALTH2002-04
Equity (HKEX)02393HKYESTAR HEALTH2013-10
Equity (HKEX)02399HKFORDOO2014-07
Equity (HKEX)02400HKXD INC2019-12
Equity (HKEX)02448HKSPACE GROUP2018-01
Equity (HKEX)02488HKLAUNCH TECH2002-10
Equity (HKEX)02500HKVENUS MEDTECH-B2019-12
Equity (HKEX)02518HKAUTOHOME-S2021-03
Equity (HKEX)02528HKFW FASHION INT2020-01
Equity (HKEX)02552HKHUA MEDICINE-B2018-09
Equity (HKEX)02558HKJINSHANG BANK2019-07
Equity (HKEX)02588HKBOC AVIATION2016-06
Equity (HKEX)02599HKSHINSUN HOLD GP2020-11
Equity (HKEX)02600HKCHALCO2001-12
Equity (HKEX)02601HKCPIC2009-12
Equity (HKEX)02607HKSH PHARMA2007-09
Equity (HKEX)02608HKSUNSHINE 1002014-03
Equity (HKEX)02611HKGTJA2017-04
Equity (HKEX)02616HKCSTONE PHARMA-B2019-02
Equity (HKEX)02618HKJD LOGISTICS2021-05
Equity (HKEX)02623HKADD NEW ENERGY2012-04
Equity (HKEX)02628HKCHINA LIFE2003-12
Equity (HKEX)02633HKJACOBSON PHARMA2016-09
Equity (HKEX)02638HKHKELECTRIC-SS2014-01
Equity (HKEX)02660HKZENGAME2019-04
Equity (HKEX)02663HKKPA-BM HLDGS2015-10
Equity (HKEX)02666HKUNI MEDICAL2015-07
Equity (HKEX)02668HKPAK TAK INT'L2001-12
Equity (HKEX)02669HKCHINA OVS PPT2015-10
Equity (HKEX)02678HKTEXHONG TEXTILE2004-12
Equity (HKEX)02680HKINNOVAX HLDGS2018-09
Equity (HKEX)02682HKYUN LEE MARINE2019-03
Equity (HKEX)02683HKWAHSUN HANDBAGS2018-01
Equity (HKEX)02686HKAAG ENERGY2015-06
Equity (HKEX)02688HKENN ENERGY2001-05
Equity (HKEX)02689HKND PAPER2006-03
Equity (HKEX)02696HKHENLIUS2019-09
Equity (HKEX)02698HKWEIQIAO TEXTILE2003-09
Equity (HKEX)02699HKXINMING CHINA2015-07
Equity (HKEX)02700HKGREEN INTL HLDG2006-09
Equity (HKEX)02708HKIBO TECH2017-12
Equity (HKEX)02718HKDONGZHENG AFC2019-04
Equity (HKEX)02722HKCHONGQING M&E2008-06
Equity (HKEX)02727HKSH ELECTRIC2005-04
Equity (HKEX)02728HKJINTAI ENERGY H2005-07
Equity (HKEX)02738HKHUAJIN INTL2016-04
Equity (HKEX)02768HKJIAYUAN INTL2016-03
Equity (HKEX)02772HKZHONGLIANG HLDG2019-07
Equity (HKEX)02777HKR&F PROPERTIES2006-03
Equity (HKEX)02779HKCH XINHUA EDU2018-03
Equity (HKEX)02788HKYORKEY OPTICAL2006-02
Equity (HKEX)02789HKYUANDA CHINA2007-12
Equity (HKEX)02798HKPER ENERGY2018-12
Equity (HKEX)02799HKCHINA HUARONG2015-10
Equity (HKEX)02858HKYIXIN2017-11
Equity (HKEX)02863HKGOLDEN FAITH GP2017-08
Equity (HKEX)02866HKCOSCO SHIP DEV2004-06
Equity (HKEX)02869HKGREENTOWN SER2016-07
Equity (HKEX)02877HKSHINEWAY PHARM2004-12
Equity (HKEX)02878HKSOLOMON SYSTECH2004-04
Equity (HKEX)02880HKLIAONING PORT2006-04
Equity (HKEX)02882HKHKRH2002-12
Equity (HKEX)02883HKCHINA OILFIELD2002-11
Equity (HKEX)02885HKPEIPORT HOLD2019-01
Equity (HKEX)02886HKBINHAI INV2001-08
Equity (HKEX)02888HKSTANCHART2002-10
Equity (HKEX)02892HKMILLION CITIES2018-12
Equity (HKEX)02899HKZIJIN MINING2003-12
Equity (HKEX)02903HKVICTORY CITY2022-10
Equity (HKEX)02906HKWAH YAN-OLD2022-10
Equity (HKEX)03300HKCHINA GLASS2005-06
Equity (HKEX)03301HKRONSHINECHINA2016-01
Equity (HKEX)03302HKKINERGY2018-07
Equity (HKEX)03303HKJUTAL OIL SER2006-09
Equity (HKEX)03306HKJNBY2016-10
Equity (HKEX)03308HKGOLDEN EAGLE2006-03
Equity (HKEX)03309HKC-MER EYE2018-01
Equity (HKEX)03311HKCHINA STATE CON2000-01
Equity (HKEX)03313HKARTGO HOLDINGS2013-12
Equity (HKEX)03315HKGOLDPAC GROUP2013-12
Equity (HKEX)03316HKBINJIANG SER2019-03
Equity (HKEX)03318HKCHINA BOTON2005-12
Equity (HKEX)03319HKA-LIVING2018-02
Equity (HKEX)03320HKCHINARES PHARMA2016-10
Equity (HKEX)03321HKWAI HUNG GROUP2019-04
Equity (HKEX)03322HKWIN HANVERKY2006-09
Equity (HKEX)03323HKCNBM2006-03
Equity (HKEX)03326HKPERFECT GROUP2016-01
Equity (HKEX)03328HKBANKCOMM2005-06
Equity (HKEX)03329HKBOCOM INTL2017-05
Equity (HKEX)03330HKLINGBAO GOLD2006-01
Equity (HKEX)03331HKVINDA INT'L2007-07
Equity (HKEX)03332HKSINOLIFE UTD2014-01
Equity (HKEX)03333HKEVERGRANDE2005-07
Equity (HKEX)03336HKJU TENG INTL2005-11
Equity (HKEX)03337HKANTON OILFIELD2007-12
Equity (HKEX)03339HKLONKING2005-11
Equity (HKEX)03344HKGTI HLDGS2005-10
Equity (HKEX)03347HKTIGERMED2020-08
Equity (HKEX)03348HKCHINA PENGFEI2019-11
Equity (HKEX)03360HKFE HORIZON2007-11
Equity (HKEX)03363HKZHENGYE INT'L2011-06
Equity (HKEX)03366HKOCT (ASIA)2005-11
Equity (HKEX)03368HKPARKSON GROUP2005-11
Equity (HKEX)03369HKQHD PORT2013-12
Equity (HKEX)03377HKSINO-OCEAN GP2007-09
Equity (HKEX)03378HKXIAMEN PORT2005-12
Equity (HKEX)03380HKLOGAN GROUP2013-12
Equity (HKEX)03382HKTIANJINPORT DEV2006-05
Equity (HKEX)03383HKAGILE GROUP2005-12
Equity (HKEX)03389HKHENGDELI2005-09
Equity (HKEX)03390HKTYCOON GROUP2020-04
Equity (HKEX)03393HKWASION HOLDINGS2005-12
Equity (HKEX)03395HKPERSTA2017-03
Equity (HKEX)03396HKLEGENDHOLDING2015-06
Equity (HKEX)03398HKCHINA TING2005-12
Equity (HKEX)03399HKYUEYUN TRANS2005-10
Equity (HKEX)03600HKMODERN DENTAL2015-12
Equity (HKEX)03601HKLUDASHI2019-10
Equity (HKEX)03603HKXINJI SHAXI2019-11
Equity (HKEX)03606HKFUYAO GLASS2015-03
Equity (HKEX)03608HKYONGSHENG MAT2013-11
Equity (HKEX)03613HKTONGRENTANGCM2013-05
Equity (HKEX)03616HKEVER REACH GP2018-11
Equity (HKEX)03618HKCQRC BANK2010-12
Equity (HKEX)03623HKC SUCCESS FIN2013-11
Equity (HKEX)03626HKHSSP INTL2016-05
Equity (HKEX)03628HKRENHENG ENT2011-11
Equity (HKEX)03633HKZHONGYU ENERGY2004-03
Equity (HKEX)03636HKPOLY CULTURE2014-03
Equity (HKEX)03638HKHUABANG TECH2013-09
Equity (HKEX)03639HKYIDA CHINA2014-06
Equity (HKEX)03658HKNEW HOPE SERV2021-05
Equity (HKEX)03662HKAOYUAN HEALTHY2019-03
Equity (HKEX)03666HKTANSH2012-07
Equity (HKEX)03668HKYANCOAL AUS2018-12
Equity (HKEX)03669HKYONGDA AUTO2012-07
Equity (HKEX)03678HKHOLLY FUTURES2015-12
Equity (HKEX)03680HKSUOXINDA2019-12
Equity (HKEX)03681HKSINOMAB BIO-B2019-11
Equity (HKEX)03683HKGREAT HARVEST2010-10
Equity (HKEX)03686HKCLIFFORDML2016-11
Equity (HKEX)03688HKTOP SPRING2011-03
Equity (HKEX)03689HKKANGHUA HEALTH2016-11
Equity (HKEX)03690HKMEITUAN-W2018-09
Equity (HKEX)03692HKHANSOH PHARMA2019-06
Equity (HKEX)03698HKHUISHANG BANK2013-11
Equity (HKEX)03699HKEB GRAND CHINA2018-01
Equity (HKEX)03700HKINKE2018-07
Equity (HKEX)03708HKCH SUPPLY CHAIN2015-01
Equity (HKEX)03709HKEEKA FASHION2014-06
Equity (HKEX)03718HKBJ ENT URBAN2020-01
Equity (HKEX)03728HKCHING LEE2016-03
Equity (HKEX)03737HKZHONGZHIPHARM2015-07
Equity (HKEX)03738HKVOBILE GROUP2018-01
Equity (HKEX)03759HKPHARMARON2019-11
Equity (HKEX)03768HKDCWT2017-04
Equity (HKEX)03773HKNNK2016-01
Equity (HKEX)03778HKCHINA WEAVING2011-12
Equity (HKEX)03788HKCHINA HANKING2006-05
Equity (HKEX)03789HKROYAL DELUXE2017-02
Equity (HKEX)03798HKHOMELAND ITL2019-07
Equity (HKEX)03799HKDALI FOODS2015-11
Equity (HKEX)03800HKGCL-POLY ENERGY2007-11
Equity (HKEX)03808HKSINOTRUK2007-11
Equity (HKEX)03813HKPOU SHENG INT'L2008-06
Equity (HKEX)03816HKKFM KINGDOM2012-10
Equity (HKEX)03818HKCHINA DONGXIANG2007-10
Equity (HKEX)03822HKSAM WOO CONS2014-10
Equity (HKEX)03828HKMING FAI INT'L2007-11
Equity (HKEX)03830HKKIDDIELAND2017-09
Equity (HKEX)03833HKXINXIN MINING2007-10
Equity (HKEX)03836HKHARMONY AUTO2013-06
Equity (HKEX)03838HKCHINA STARCH2007-09
Equity (HKEX)03839HKCT ENTERPRISE2015-07
Equity (HKEX)03848HKWEALTHY WAY2017-07
Equity (HKEX)03860HKEPS HEALTH TECH2017-05
Equity (HKEX)03866HKBQD2016-01
Equity (HKEX)03868HKXINYI ENERGY2019-05
Equity (HKEX)03869HKHOSPITAL CORP2017-03
Equity (HKEX)03877HKCSSC SHIPPING2019-06
Equity (HKEX)03878HKVICON HOLDINGS2017-12
Equity (HKEX)03882HKSKYLIGHT HLDG2015-07
Equity (HKEX)03883HKCHINA AOYUAN2007-10
Equity (HKEX)03886HKTOWN HEALTH2003-07
Equity (HKEX)03888HKKINGSOFT2007-10
Equity (HKEX)03889HKGLOBAL SWEET2007-09
Equity (HKEX)03893HKCROSSTEC2016-09
Equity (HKEX)03898HKTIMES ELECTRIC2006-12
Equity (HKEX)03899HKCIMC ENRIC2005-10
Equity (HKEX)03900HKGREENTOWN CHINA2006-07
Equity (HKEX)03903HKHANHUA FIN2014-06
Equity (HKEX)03908HKCICC2015-11
Equity (HKEX)03913HKKWG LIVING2020-10
Equity (HKEX)03918HKNAGACORP2006-10
Equity (HKEX)03919HKGOLDENPOWER2015-06
Equity (HKEX)03928HKS&T HLDGS2019-09
Equity (HKEX)03933HKUNITED LAB2007-06
Equity (HKEX)03938HKLFG INV HLDGS2019-09
Equity (HKEX)03939HKWANGUO MINING2012-07
Equity (HKEX)03948HKYITAI COAL2012-07
Equity (HKEX)03958HKDFZQ2016-07
Equity (HKEX)03963HKRONGZHONG FIN2016-01
Equity (HKEX)03968HKCM BANK2006-09
Equity (HKEX)03969HKCHINA CRSC2015-08
Equity (HKEX)03978HKBESTSTUDY EDU2018-12
Equity (HKEX)03983HKCHINA BLUECHEM2006-09
Equity (HKEX)03988HKBANK OF CHINA2006-06
Equity (HKEX)03989HKCAPITAL ENV2006-07
Equity (HKEX)03990HKMIDEA REAL EST2018-10
Equity (HKEX)03991HKCHANGHONG JH2000-08
Equity (HKEX)03993HKCMOC2007-04
Equity (HKEX)03996HKCH ENERGY ENG2015-12
Equity (HKEX)03997HKTSO2013-05
Equity (HKEX)03998HKBOSIDENG2007-10
Equity (HKEX)03999HKDACHAN FOOD2007-10
Equity (HKEX)04332HKAMGEN-T2000-05
Equity (HKEX)04333HKCISCO-T2000-05
Equity (HKEX)04335HKINTEL-T2000-05
Equity (HKEX)04336HKAPPL MATERIAL-T2000-05
Equity (HKEX)04337HKSTARBUCKS-T2000-05
Equity (HKEX)04338HKMICROSOFT-T2000-05
Equity (HKEX)04610HKCZB 17USDPREF2022-10
Equity (HKEX)04614HKCMB 17USDPREF2022-06
Equity (HKEX)04617HKZYBNK 18USDPREF2023-05
Equity (HKEX)04618HKGRCB 19USDPREF2022-10
Equity (HKEX)04619HKBOC 20USDPREF2022-03
Equity (HKEX)04620HKICBC 20USDPREF2022-03
Equity (HKEX)04621HKCINDA 21USDPREF2022-03
Equity (HKEX)06030HKCITIC SEC2007-10
Equity (HKEX)06033HKTELECOM DIGIT2014-05
Equity (HKEX)06036HKAPEX ACE HLDG2018-03
Equity (HKEX)06038HKG & M HLDGS2017-06
Equity (HKEX)06049HKPOLY PPT SER2019-12
Equity (HKEX)06055HKCTIHK2019-06
Equity (HKEX)06058HKCISI FIN2016-10
Equity (HKEX)06060HKZA ONLINE2017-09
Equity (HKEX)06063HKLOTUS HORIZON2020-04
Equity (HKEX)06066HKCSC2016-12
Equity (HKEX)06068HKWISDOM EDU INTL2017-01
Equity (HKEX)06069HKSY HOLDINGS2017-07
Equity (HKEX)06078HKHYGEIA HEALTH2020-06
Equity (HKEX)06080HKWING CHI HLDGS2017-10
Equity (HKEX)06088HKFIT HON TENG2017-07
Equity (HKEX)06090HKCENTURION CORP2017-12
Equity (HKEX)06093HKHEVOL SERVICES2019-07
Equity (HKEX)06098HKCG SERVICES2018-06
Equity (HKEX)06099HKCMSC2016-10
Equity (HKEX)06100HKTONGDAO LIEPIN2018-06
Equity (HKEX)06108HKNEW RAY MEDIC2022-03
Equity (HKEX)06110HKTOPSPORTS2019-10
Equity (HKEX)06111HKDAFA PPT2018-10
Equity (HKEX)06113HKUTS MARKETING2017-07
Equity (HKEX)06116HKLA CHAPELLE2014-10
Equity (HKEX)06117HKRIZHAO PORT JR2019-06
Equity (HKEX)06118HKAUSTAR2014-11
Equity (HKEX)06119HKTIAN YUAN GP2018-06
Equity (HKEX)06122HKJIUTAI RCB2017-01
Equity (HKEX)06123HKYTO EXP INTL2014-07
Equity (HKEX)06127HKJOINN2021-02
Equity (HKEX)06128HKGRAPHEX GROUP2014-06
Equity (HKEX)06133HKVITAL INNO2015-06
Equity (HKEX)06136HKKANGDA ENV2014-07
Equity (HKEX)06138HKHARBIN BANK2014-03
Equity (HKEX)06158HKZHENRO PPT2018-01
Equity (HKEX)06160HKBEIGENE2018-08
Equity (HKEX)06161HKTARGET INS2015-01
Equity (HKEX)06162HKTR INTERIORS2019-01
Equity (HKEX)06163HKGEMILANG INTL2016-11
Equity (HKEX)06166HKCHINA VAST2014-08
Equity (HKEX)06168HKU-TON FUTURE2012-06
Equity (HKEX)06169HKYUHUA EDU2017-02
Equity (HKEX)06178HKEB SECURITIES2016-08
Equity (HKEX)06182HKTWINTEK2018-01
Equity (HKEX)06183HKCH GREENFRESH2015-06
Equity (HKEX)06185HKCANSINOBIO-B2019-03
Equity (HKEX)06186HKCHINA FEIHE2019-11
Equity (HKEX)06188HKBJ DIGITAL2014-07
Equity (HKEX)06189HKADWAY2016-11
Equity (HKEX)06190HKBANKOFJIUJIANG2018-07
Equity (HKEX)06193HKTAILAM TECHCON2019-12
Equity (HKEX)06196HKBANKOFZHENGZHOU2015-12
Equity (HKEX)06198HKQINGDAO PORT2014-06
Equity (HKEX)06199HKBANK OF GUIZHOU2019-12
Equity (HKEX)06288HKFAST RETAIL-DRS2014-03
Equity (HKEX)06600HKSCICLONE PHARMA2021-03
Equity (HKEX)06601HKCHEERWIN GP2021-03
Equity (HKEX)06606HKNH HEALTH-B2021-02
Equity (HKEX)06608HKBAIRONG-W2021-03
Equity (HKEX)06609HKHEARTCARE-B2021-08
Equity (HKEX)06611HKSANXUN GROUP2021-07
Equity (HKEX)06616HKGLOBAL NEW MAT2021-07
Equity (HKEX)06618HKJD HEALTH2020-12
Equity (HKEX)06622HKZHAOKE OPHTH-B2021-04
Equity (HKEX)06626HKYUEXIU SERVICES2021-06
Equity (HKEX)06628HKTRANSCENTA-B2021-09
Equity (HKEX)06633HKQINGCI GAMES2021-12
Equity (HKEX)06666HKEVERG SERVICES2020-12
Equity (HKEX)06668HKE-STAR CM2021-01
Equity (HKEX)06669HKACOTEC-B2021-08
Equity (HKEX)06677HKSINO-OCEAN SERV2020-12
Equity (HKEX)06690HKHAIER SMARTHOME2020-12
Equity (HKEX)06699HKANGELALIGN2021-06
Equity (HKEX)06805HKKIMOU ENVIRON2019-07
Equity (HKEX)06806HKSWHY2019-04
Equity (HKEX)06808HKSUNART RETAIL2007-08
Equity (HKEX)06811HKTAI HING GROUP2019-06
Equity (HKEX)06812HKWINSON HLDGS HK2017-03
Equity (HKEX)06816HKPROSPER CONS2016-07
Equity (HKEX)06818HKCEB BANK2013-12
Equity (HKEX)06819HKINTELLICENTRICS2019-03
Equity (HKEX)06820HKFRIENDTIMES2019-10
Equity (HKEX)06821HKASYMCHEM2021-12
Equity (HKEX)06822HKKING'S FLAIR2015-01
Equity (HKEX)06823HKHKT-SS2003-01
Equity (HKEX)06826HKHAOHAI BIOTEC2015-04
Equity (HKEX)06828HKBG BLUE SKY2007-09
Equity (HKEX)06829HKDRAGON RISE GP2018-02
Equity (HKEX)06830HKHUAZHONG IN-V2012-01
Equity (HKEX)06833HKSINCO PHARMA2016-03
Equity (HKEX)06836HKTIANYUN INT'L2015-07
Equity (HKEX)06837HKHAITONG SEC2012-04
Equity (HKEX)06838HKWINOX2011-07
Equity (HKEX)06839HKYUNNAN WATER2015-05
Equity (HKEX)06855HKASCENTAGE-B2019-10
Equity (HKEX)06858HKHONMAGOLF2016-10
Equity (HKEX)06860HKFINGERTANGO2018-07
Equity (HKEX)06862HKHAIDILAO2018-09
Equity (HKEX)06865HKFLAT GLASS2015-11
Equity (HKEX)06866HKZUOLI M-FIN2015-01
Equity (HKEX)06868HKTENFU2007-09
Equity (HKEX)06869HKYOFC2014-12
Equity (HKEX)06877HKCLSA PREMIUM2013-07
Equity (HKEX)06878HKDIFFER GROUP2013-12
Equity (HKEX)06880HKTEMPUS HOLD2011-12
Equity (HKEX)06881HKCGS2013-05
Equity (HKEX)06882HKEGL HOLDINGS2014-11
Equity (HKEX)06885HKJINMA ENERGY2017-10
Equity (HKEX)06886HKHTSC2015-06
Equity (HKEX)06888HKFREETECH2013-06
Equity (HKEX)06889HKDYNAM JAPAN2012-08
Equity (HKEX)06890HKKANGLI INT HLDG2018-11
Equity (HKEX)06893HKHINSANG GROUP2014-10
Equity (HKEX)06896HKGOLDEN THROAT2015-07
Equity (HKEX)06898HKCHINA ALUMCAN2013-07
Equity (HKEX)06899HKOURGAME2014-06
Equity (HKEX)06900HKSUNKWAN PPT2020-11
Equity (HKEX)06908HKHG SEMI2016-12
Equity (HKEX)06909HKBETTERLIFE HLDG2021-07
Equity (HKEX)06913HKSCVE GROUP2021-07
Equity (HKEX)06918HKKIDZTECH2020-03
Equity (HKEX)06919HKRENRUI HR2019-12
Equity (HKEX)06928HKTOMO HOLDINGS2017-07
Equity (HKEX)06933HKSINO-ENTERTAIN2020-07
Equity (HKEX)06939HKMEGAIN2021-03
Equity (HKEX)06958HKZHENRO SERVICES2020-07
Equity (HKEX)06966HKC WAN TONG YUAN2017-09
Equity (HKEX)06968HKGANGLONG CHINA2020-07
Equity (HKEX)06969HKSMOORE INTL2020-07
Equity (HKEX)06978HKIMMUNOTECH-B2020-07
Equity (HKEX)06988HKJOY SPREADER2020-09
Equity (HKEX)06989HKEXCELLENCE CM2020-10
Equity (HKEX)06993HKBLUE MOON GROUP2020-12
Equity (HKEX)06996HKANTENGENE-B2020-11
Equity (HKEX)06998HKGENOR-B2020-10
Equity (HKEX)06999HKLEADING HLDGS2020-12
Equity (HKEX)08001HKORIENTSEC INT2014-01
Equity (HKEX)08003HKGREAT WORLD2000-01
Equity (HKEX)08005HKYUXING INFOTECH2006-12
Equity (HKEX)08006HKSINO SPLENDID2000-03
Equity (HKEX)08007HKGLOBALSTRAT2000-04
Equity (HKEX)08009HKCHI ENGY HOLD2005-09
Equity (HKEX)08011HKPOLYARD PETRO2003-10
Equity (HKEX)08017HKTRADEGO2018-09
Equity (HKEX)08018HKFINSOFT FIN2013-09
Equity (HKEX)08019HKHAO WEN HLDGS2001-07
Equity (HKEX)08020HKUNITAS HOLD2011-10
Equity (HKEX)08021HKWLS HOLDINGS2001-12
Equity (HKEX)08022HKEVERSHINE GP2001-08
Equity (HKEX)08023HKKWONG MAN KEE2016-10
Equity (HKEX)08025HKACR HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)08026HKCB GLOBAL2000-03
Equity (HKEX)08027HKKPM HOLDING2015-07
Equity (HKEX)08028HKTIMELESS2000-01
Equity (HKEX)08029HKIMPERIUM FIN GP2004-04
Equity (HKEX)08030HKFLYING FIN2000-07
Equity (HKEX)08031HKETS GROUP2012-01
Equity (HKEX)08032HKVIVA CHINA2000-01
Equity (HKEX)08033HKVODATEL NETWORK2000-02
Equity (HKEX)08036HKEBROKER GROUP2019-02
Equity (HKEX)08037HKCH BIOTECH SER2004-06
Equity (HKEX)08039HKKNK HOLDINGS2016-12
Equity (HKEX)08040HKDCB HOLDINGS2018-02
Equity (HKEX)08041HKLUXEY INT'L2002-11
Equity (HKEX)08042HKKOS INTL2018-10
Equity (HKEX)08043HKATLINKS2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08045HKNANDASOFT2001-04
Equity (HKEX)08047HKCHINA OCEAN GP2001-11
Equity (HKEX)08048HKYU TAK INT'L2000-06
Equity (HKEX)08049HKJILIN CHANGLONG2001-05
Equity (HKEX)08050HKQUANTUM THINK2000-07
Equity (HKEX)08051HKCIRCUTECH2001-05
Equity (HKEX)08052HKLUK HING ENT2016-11
Equity (HKEX)08053HKPIZU GROUP2004-08
Equity (HKEX)08055HKCHI E-INFO TECH2005-09
Equity (HKEX)08056HKLIFE CONCEPTS2016-08
Equity (HKEX)08057HKMADISON HLDG2015-10
Equity (HKEX)08059HKGLORY FLAME2014-10
Equity (HKEX)08060HKGLOBAL LINK2002-11
Equity (HKEX)08062HKEFT SOLUTIONS2016-12
Equity (HKEX)08063HKGLOBAL M HLDG2000-12
Equity (HKEX)08065HKKML TECH2017-10
Equity (HKEX)08066HKPHOENITRON HOLD2001-12
Equity (HKEX)08067HKOUC HOLDINGS2015-01
Equity (HKEX)08069HKWWPKG HOLDINGS2017-01
Equity (HKEX)08070HKKEEN OCEAN2016-02
Equity (HKEX)08071HKCH NETCOMTECH2005-09
Equity (HKEX)08072HKROMA GROUP2013-02
Equity (HKEX)08073HKSINGYES NM2017-07
Equity (HKEX)08075HKMEDIA ASIA2001-05
Equity (HKEX)08076HKSING LEE2001-09
Equity (HKEX)08078HKC CREATIVE DIGI2000-12
Equity (HKEX)08079HKEASY REPAY FIN2005-09
Equity (HKEX)08080HKNAS HOLDINGS2005-08
Equity (HKEX)08081HKHANG TAI YUE GP2005-10
Equity (HKEX)08082HKSUN ENT GP2001-11
Equity (HKEX)08083HKCHINA YOUZAN2003-10
Equity (HKEX)08086HKSINO VISION WW2000-08
Equity (HKEX)08087HKCHINA 33MEDIA2011-02
Equity (HKEX)08088HK8088 INVESTMENT2002-07
Equity (HKEX)08091HKOOH HOLDINGS2017-01
Equity (HKEX)08092HKITE HOLDINGS2001-02
Equity (HKEX)08093HKMILLION STARS2015-02
Equity (HKEX)08095HKBEIDA JADE BIRD2001-01
Equity (HKEX)08096HKTASTY CONCEPTS2019-03
Equity (HKEX)08098HKCL GROUP2011-03
Equity (HKEX)08100HKGET HOLDINGS2005-09
Equity (HKEX)08101HKEJE HOLDINGS2013-10
Equity (HKEX)08103HKHMVOD2004-03
Equity (HKEX)08106HKSHENGHUA LANDE2002-05
Equity (HKEX)08107HKVISION INT HLDG2018-05
Equity (HKEX)08109HKKIRIN GROUP2002-02
Equity (HKEX)08111HKCT IND GROUP2001-01
Equity (HKEX)08112HKCORNERSTONE FIN2011-07
Equity (HKEX)08113HKHI-LEVEL TECH2016-01
Equity (HKEX)08115HKSHANGHAI QINGPU2004-06
Equity (HKEX)08117HKCHI P ENERGY2005-10
Equity (HKEX)08118HKBORTEX GLOBAL2017-11
Equity (HKEX)08120HKCH DEMETER FIN2001-04
Equity (HKEX)08121HKGURU ONLINE2015-05
Equity (HKEX)08123HKSINOFORTUNE FIN2002-01
Equity (HKEX)08125HKROYAL CEN RES2014-10
Equity (HKEX)08126HKG. A. HOLDINGS2002-06
Equity (HKEX)08128HKCH GEOTHERMAL2001-11
Equity (HKEX)08130HKDADI INTL GROUP2005-09
Equity (HKEX)08131HKABC MULTIACTIVE2004-02
Equity (HKEX)08132HKCENTURY EN INTL2011-05
Equity (HKEX)08133HKSOLOMON WW HLDG2015-04
Equity (HKEX)08135HKZMFY GLASS2013-09
Equity (HKEX)08136HKIMS GROUP2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08137HKHONBRIDGE2000-01
Equity (HKEX)08139HKCHANGAN RH2015-01
Equity (HKEX)08140HKBOSATECH2018-07
Equity (HKEX)08143HKGF HEALTHCARE2002-05
Equity (HKEX)08146HKGRACEWINE2018-06
Equity (HKEX)08147HKMILLENNIUM PG2014-07
Equity (HKEX)08148HKAURUM PACIFIC2004-01
Equity (HKEX)08149HKALTUS HLDGS2016-10
Equity (HKEX)08150HKSEAMLESS GREEN2005-10
Equity (HKEX)08151HKBAO SHEN HLDGS2018-04
Equity (HKEX)08152HKM&L HOLDINGS2017-07
Equity (HKEX)08153HKFARNOVA GROUP2001-03
Equity (HKEX)08155HKSC ASSETS HLDGS2001-09
Equity (HKEX)08156HKSINOPHARM TECH2002-11
Equity (HKEX)08158HKCRMI2001-07
Equity (HKEX)08159HKGLORY MARK2002-01
Equity (HKEX)08160HKGOLDWAY EDU2016-12
Equity (HKEX)08161HKMEDINET GROUP2016-05
Equity (HKEX)08162HKLOCO HK2014-10
Equity (HKEX)08163HKMERDEKA FIN2002-03
Equity (HKEX)08166HKCHINA ECO-FARM2005-09
Equity (HKEX)08167HKNEO TELEMEDIA2002-08
Equity (HKEX)08168HKAMASSE CAPITAL2018-03
Equity (HKEX)08169HKECO-TEK HLDGS2001-12
Equity (HKEX)08170HKALL NATION INTL2014-12
Equity (HKEX)08172HKLAJIN ENT2005-11
Equity (HKEX)08173HKHEPHAESTUS HLDG2002-05
Equity (HKEX)08175HKC DIGITAL CUL2005-09
Equity (HKEX)08176HKSUPERROBOTICS2002-02
Equity (HKEX)08178HKCHINA INFO TECH2001-12
Equity (HKEX)08179HKPALINDA GROUP2011-07
Equity (HKEX)08181HKSHISHI SERVICES2013-10
Equity (HKEX)08186HKM-RESOURCES2008-10
Equity (HKEX)08187HKJIMU GROUP2016-05
Equity (HKEX)08188HKGME GROUP2017-02
Equity (HKEX)08189HKTEDA BIOMEDICAL2002-06
Equity (HKEX)08191HKHONG WEI A-NEW2014-01
Equity (HKEX)08193HKASIAPAC FIN INV2011-05
Equity (HKEX)08195HKLEGENDARY-NEW2014-10
Equity (HKEX)08196HKGREAT WATER2015-12
Equity (HKEX)08198HKLOTO INTERACT2002-05
Equity (HKEX)08200HKSAU SAN TONG2003-11
Equity (HKEX)08201HKPPS INT'L2013-06
Equity (HKEX)08203HKKAISUN HOLDINGS2004-01
Equity (HKEX)08205HKJIAODA WITHUB2002-07
Equity (HKEX)08206HKS ROBOT EDU2002-11
Equity (HKEX)08208HKWMCH GLOBAL2019-11
Equity (HKEX)08210HKDLC ASIA2018-08
Equity (HKEX)08211HKZHEJIANG YONGAN2002-11
Equity (HKEX)08213HKSTARGLORY-NEW2003-03
Equity (HKEX)08215HKFIRST CREDIT2011-12
Equity (HKEX)08217HKLUEN WONG GP2016-04
Equity (HKEX)08218HKECHO INT HOLD2013-10
Equity (HKEX)08219HKHANVEY GROUP2018-07
Equity (HKEX)08220HKBINGO GROUP2002-11
Equity (HKEX)08221HKPF GROUP2017-01
Equity (HKEX)08222HKE LIGHTING2014-09
Equity (HKEX)08223HKZYY2018-07
Equity (HKEX)08225HKC HEALTH GP2003-07
Equity (HKEX)08226HKKOALA FIN GP2002-07
Equity (HKEX)08227HKHAITIAN ANTENNA2003-11
Equity (HKEX)08228HKNATIONAL ARTS2002-10
Equity (HKEX)08229HKFUTURE DATA2016-07
Equity (HKEX)08231HKPFC DEVICE2016-10
Equity (HKEX)08232HKCLASSIFIED GP2016-07
Equity (HKEX)08237HKLINK HOLDINGS2014-07
Equity (HKEX)08238HKWINTO GROUP2015-02
Equity (HKEX)08239HKCAPITAL FIN2002-11
Equity (HKEX)08241HKYING KEE TEA2018-04
Equity (HKEX)08245HKON REAL INT'L2015-09
Equity (HKEX)08246HKZHONGHUA GAS2011-12
Equity (HKEX)08247HKBIOSINO BIO-TEC2006-02
Equity (HKEX)08249HKRUIYUAN IC TECH2003-11
Equity (HKEX)08250HKSILK RD ENERGY2004-06
Equity (HKEX)08255HKCHINA BINARY2013-12
Equity (HKEX)08257HKGENES TECH2017-07
Equity (HKEX)08258HKNW INDUSTRY2003-07
Equity (HKEX)08259HKHON CORP2018-11
Equity (HKEX)08260HKYIN HE HLDGS2013-04
Equity (HKEX)08262HKSUPER STRONG2016-03
Equity (HKEX)08267HKLINEKONG2014-12
Equity (HKEX)08268HKSMART CITY DEV2015-01
Equity (HKEX)08269HKWEALTH GLORY2010-10
Equity (HKEX)08270HKCHINA CBM2005-12
Equity (HKEX)08271HKGDC2003-08
Equity (HKEX)08275HKBEAVER GROUP2017-10
Equity (HKEX)08277HKSTEEDORIENTAL2015-04
Equity (HKEX)08279HKAGTECH HOLDINGS2005-10
Equity (HKEX)08280HKCDV HOLDINGS2016-06
Equity (HKEX)08281HKCH GOLD CLASSIC2016-07
Equity (HKEX)08282HKGAMEONE2016-01
Equity (HKEX)08283HKZHENG LI HLDG2016-11
Equity (HKEX)08285HKSLING GROUP2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08286HKCCOE2004-05
Equity (HKEX)08287HKZIONCOM2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08290HKAHSAY BACKUP2015-10
Equity (HKEX)08291HKWAN CHENG METAL2017-07
Equity (HKEX)08292HKWORLDGATEGLOBAL2016-07
Equity (HKEX)08293HKSINGASIA HLDG2016-07
Equity (HKEX)08295HKZZ TECH GP2010-06
Equity (HKEX)08296HKSINO-LIFE GROUP2009-09
Equity (HKEX)08297HKOCEAN STAR TECH2017-07
Equity (HKEX)08299HKGRAND T G GOLD2004-09
Equity (HKEX)08300HKROYALCATERING2016-08
Equity (HKEX)08305HKTONG KEE HLDG2018-07
Equity (HKEX)08307HKMEDICSKIN2014-12
Equity (HKEX)08308HKGUDOU HLDGS2016-12
Equity (HKEX)08309HKMANSHING GLOBAL2017-04
Equity (HKEX)08310HKDAFENG PORT2013-08
Equity (HKEX)08311HKPERFECT OPT2014-02
Equity (HKEX)08313HKZACD2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08315HKGREATWALLE INC2014-10
Equity (HKEX)08316HKQUANTONG HLDGS2015-08
Equity (HKEX)08317HKFINET GROUP2005-01
Equity (HKEX)08319HKEXPERT SYS2016-04
Equity (HKEX)08320HKAEC GROUP2016-10
Equity (HKEX)08321HKTAI KAM HLDGS2016-10
Equity (HKEX)08325HKCHINA SMARTPAY2009-08
Equity (HKEX)08326HKTK NEW ENERGY2013-11
Equity (HKEX)08328HKXY ELEC STORAGE2016-07
Equity (HKEX)08329HKNEP INTERLONG2005-09
Equity (HKEX)08331HKP.B. GROUP2015-12
Equity (HKEX)08333HKRAFFAELLOASTRUM2016-07
Equity (HKEX)08337HKDIRECTEL2010-06
Equity (HKEX)08340HKVINCO FINANCIAL2008-05
Equity (HKEX)08341HKAESO HOLDING2017-01
Equity (HKEX)08347HKF8 ENT2017-04
Equity (HKEX)08348HKBINHAI TEDA2008-04
Equity (HKEX)08349HKGUIXIN GROUP2017-01
Equity (HKEX)08350HKEXCALIBURGLOBAL2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08353HKANACLE2016-12
Equity (HKEX)08356HKCNC HOLDINGS2010-08
Equity (HKEX)08357HKREPUBLIC HC2018-06
Equity (HKEX)08360HKAL GROUP2016-07
Equity (HKEX)08362HKWINNING TOWER2017-07
Equity (HKEX)08363HKSDM EDUCATION2014-10
Equity (HKEX)08366HKZJ UNITED INV2015-11
Equity (HKEX)08367HKSIMPLICITY HLDG2018-02
Equity (HKEX)08368HKCREATIVE CHINA2015-11
Equity (HKEX)08370HKZHI SHENG GP2017-01
Equity (HKEX)08371HKTASTEGOURMET GP2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08372HKGBG HOLDINGS2018-03
Equity (HKEX)08373HKINDIGO STAR2017-11
Equity (HKEX)08375HKVERTICAL I-NEW2017-11
Equity (HKEX)08377HKSHEN YOU HLDGS2017-12
Equity (HKEX)08379HKPRIME INTEL2018-02
Equity (HKEX)08383HKLINOCRAFT HLDGS2017-09
Equity (HKEX)08385HKPROSPEROUSPRINT2017-12
Equity (HKEX)08391HKCORNERSTONE TEC2018-05
Equity (HKEX)08392HKSATU HOLDINGS2017-10
Equity (HKEX)08400HKASIA PIONEER2017-11
Equity (HKEX)08401HKSTREAM IDEAS2018-03
Equity (HKEX)08402HKGT STEEL GROUP2017-11
Equity (HKEX)08403HKDOWWAY2018-06
Equity (HKEX)08405HKHANG CHI HLDG2017-07
Equity (HKEX)08406HKALPHA ERA2017-12
Equity (HKEX)08411HKK W NELSON GP2016-12
Equity (HKEX)08412HKBCI GROUP2017-04
Equity (HKEX)08413HKASIA GROCERY2017-04
Equity (HKEX)08416HKHM INTL HLDGS2017-02
Equity (HKEX)08417HKDADI EDU2017-02
Equity (HKEX)08418HKOPTIMA AUTO2019-10
Equity (HKEX)08419HKAV PROMOTIONS2017-12
Equity (HKEX)08420HKNEXION TECH2017-06
Equity (HKEX)08422HKWT GROUP2017-12
Equity (HKEX)08423HKCHI HO DEV2017-03
Equity (HKEX)08425HKHING MING HLDGS2017-03
Equity (HKEX)08426HKMODERN LIVING2017-11
Equity (HKEX)08427HKSK TARGET2017-07
Equity (HKEX)08428HKCBK HOLDINGS2017-02
Equity (HKEX)08429HKICICLE GROUP2017-12
Equity (HKEX)08430HKC&N HOLDINGS2017-10
Equity (HKEX)08431HKHAO BAI INTL2017-08
Equity (HKEX)08432HKBAR PACIFIC2017-01
Equity (HKEX)08436HKTAKBO GROUP2017-10
Equity (HKEX)08437HKRMH HOLDINGS2017-10
Equity (HKEX)08439HKSOMERLEY CAP2017-03
Equity (HKEX)08441HKIWS GROUP2019-10
Equity (HKEX)08445HKNOBLE ENG GP2017-09
Equity (HKEX)08446HKITP HOLDINGS2017-06
Equity (HKEX)08447HKMS CONCEPT2018-04
Equity (HKEX)08448HKUNI PRINTSHOP2018-03
Equity (HKEX)08450HKEDICO HOLDINGS2018-02
Equity (HKEX)08451HKSUNLIGHT HLDGS2018-04
Equity (HKEX)08452HKFY FINANCIAL2017-05
Equity (HKEX)08455HKLAI GROUP2017-04
Equity (HKEX)08456HKMANSION INTL2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08460HKBASETROPHY GP2017-06
Equity (HKEX)08462HKOMNIBRIDGE HLDG2017-07
Equity (HKEX)08471HKREACH NEW HLDGS2017-07
Equity (HKEX)08472HKLAPCO HOLDINGS2017-07
Equity (HKEX)08473HKMI MING MART2018-02
Equity (HKEX)08475HKK GROUP HLDGS2018-08
Equity (HKEX)08476HKOCEAN ONE HLDG2017-10
Equity (HKEX)08479HKJTF INTL2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08480HKFURNIWEB2017-10
Equity (HKEX)08481HKSHENGLONG INTL2017-07
Equity (HKEX)08482HKWAN LEADER2018-09
Equity (HKEX)08483HKMAX SIGHT GROUP2018-02
Equity (HKEX)08487HKISP GLOBAL2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08489HKGP LOGISTICS2021-01
Equity (HKEX)08490HKNICHE-TECH2018-05
Equity (HKEX)08491HKCOOL LINK2017-09
Equity (HKEX)08493HKDRAGON KING GP2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08495HK1957 & CO.2017-12
Equity (HKEX)08496HKGLOBAL DINING2020-05
Equity (HKEX)08500HKICONCULTURE2020-01
Equity (HKEX)08501HKSANBASE CORP2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08502HKOCEAN LINE PORT2018-07
Equity (HKEX)08506HKS&S INTERVALUE2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08507HKI.CENTURY HLDG2018-04
Equity (HKEX)08509HKWINE'S LINK2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08510HKTOPSTANDARDCORP2018-02
Equity (HKEX)08511HKZC TECH GP2018-04
Equity (HKEX)08512HKHYFUSIN GROUP2018-07
Equity (HKEX)08513HKIAG HOLDINGS2018-01
Equity (HKEX)08516HKGRANDTALENT-NEW2018-10
Equity (HKEX)08519HKJIA GROUP2018-02
Equity (HKEX)08521HKST INTL HLDGS2018-05
Equity (HKEX)08523HKSHEUNG MOON2018-02
Equity (HKEX)08525HKBAIYING HOLDING2018-07
Equity (HKEX)08526HKWING FUNG GROUP2018-02
Equity (HKEX)08527HKJLOGO HLDGS2018-05
Equity (HKEX)08532HKPOLYFAIR HLDGS2018-02
Equity (HKEX)08535HKVISTAR HOLDINGS2018-02
Equity (HKEX)08536HKTL NATURAL GAS2018-05
Equity (HKEX)08537HKCHONG FAI JEWEL2019-03
Equity (HKEX)08540HKVICTORY SEC2018-07
Equity (HKEX)08545HKAMUSE GROUP2018-05
Equity (HKEX)08547HKPACIFIC LEGEND2018-07
Equity (HKEX)08585HKLEGENDARY-OLD2021-10
Equity (HKEX)08601HKBOLTEK2018-09
Equity (HKEX)08603HKFAMEGLOW2018-10
Equity (HKEX)08606HKKINETIX SYSTEMS2018-07
Equity (HKEX)08607HKNARNIA GROUP2019-02
Equity (HKEX)08609HKEGGRICULTURE2018-10
Equity (HKEX)08611HKMINDTELL TECH2018-10
Equity (HKEX)08612HKWORLD SUPER2019-07
Equity (HKEX)08613HKORIENTAL PAY2018-10
Equity (HKEX)08616HKSUNRAY ENG GP2020-04
Equity (HKEX)08617HKBEST LINKING2019-11
Equity (HKEX)08619HKWAC HOLDINGS2018-09
Equity (HKEX)08620HKAE LOGISTICS2020-04
Equity (HKEX)08621HKMETROPOLIS CAP2018-12
Equity (HKEX)08622HKHUAKANG BIOMED2018-12
Equity (HKEX)08623HKCHINA SAFTOWER2020-07
Equity (HKEX)08627HKORANGE TOUR2019-11
Equity (HKEX)08631HKSUN KONG HLDGS2019-01
Equity (HKEX)08635HKNOVACON TECH2019-05
Equity (HKEX)08645HKNOMAD TECH2019-12
Equity (HKEX)08646HKCHINA HONGGUANG2020-01
Equity (HKEX)08657HKTRUE PARTNER2020-10
Equity (HKEX)08659HKYIK WO INTL2020-07
Equity (HKEX)08668HKYING HAI GROUP2019-09
Equity (HKEX)09600HKNEWLINK TECH2021-01
Equity (HKEX)09608HKSUNDY SERVICE2021-01
Equity (HKEX)09616HKNEUEDU2020-09
Equity (HKEX)09618HKJD-SW2020-06
Equity (HKEX)09626HKBILIBILI-SW2021-03
Equity (HKEX)09633HKNONGFU SPRING2020-09
Equity (HKEX)09666HKJINKE SERVICES2020-11
Equity (HKEX)09668HKCBHB2020-07
Equity (HKEX)09677HKWEIHAI BANK2020-10
Equity (HKEX)09688HKZAI LAB-SB2020-09
Equity (HKEX)09698HKGDS-SW2020-11
Equity (HKEX)09699HKSF INTRA-CITY2021-12
Equity (HKEX)09858HKYOURAN DAIRY2021-06
Equity (HKEX)09868HKXPENG-W2021-07
Equity (HKEX)09869HKHELENS2021-09
Equity (HKEX)09888HKBIDU-SW2021-03
Equity (HKEX)09889HKDRCB2021-09
Equity (HKEX)09898HKWB-SW2021-12
Equity (HKEX)09899HKCLOUD VILLAGE2021-12
Equity (HKEX)09900HKGAIN PLUS HLDGS2018-02
Equity (HKEX)09901HKNEW ORIENTAL-S2020-11
Equity (HKEX)09906HKHONLIV HEALTH2020-07
Equity (HKEX)09908HKJIAXING GAS2020-07
Equity (HKEX)09909HKPOWERLONG CM2019-12
Equity (HKEX)09911HKNEWBORNTOWN2019-12
Equity (HKEX)09913HKCHI KAN HLDGS2020-08
Equity (HKEX)09916HKXINGYE WULIAN2020-03
Equity (HKEX)09918HKWISE ALLY INTL2020-01
Equity (HKEX)09919HKACTIVATION GP2020-01
Equity (HKEX)09922HKJIUMAOJIU2020-01
Equity (HKEX)09923HKYEAHKA2020-06
Equity (HKEX)09926HKAKESO-B2020-04
Equity (HKEX)09928HKTIMES NEIGHBOR2019-12
Equity (HKEX)09929HKSEM HLDGS2020-02
Equity (HKEX)09933HKGHW INTL2020-01
Equity (HKEX)09936HKXIMEI RESOURCES2020-03
Equity (HKEX)09938HKWAH WO HOLDINGS2020-01
Equity (HKEX)09939HKKINTOR PHARMA-B2020-05
Equity (HKEX)09956HKANE2021-11
Equity (HKEX)09958HKLITIAN PICTURES2020-06
Equity (HKEX)09959HKLINKLOGIS-W2021-04
Equity (HKEX)09960HKKINDSTAR GLOBAL2021-07
Equity (HKEX)09961HKTRIP.COM-S2021-04
Equity (HKEX)09963HKTRANSTECH2017-07
Equity (HKEX)09966HKALPHAMAB-B2019-12
Equity (HKEX)09968HKHUIJING HLDGS2020-01
Equity (HKEX)09969HKINNOCARE-B2020-03
Equity (HKEX)09977HKFENGXIANG CO2020-07
Equity (HKEX)09978HKFINELAND LIVING2017-11
Equity (HKEX)09979HKGREENTOWN MGMT2020-07
Equity (HKEX)09982HKCENTRALCHINA MT2021-05
Equity (HKEX)09983HKCC NEW LIFE2020-05
Equity (HKEX)09986HKDASHAN EDU2020-07
Equity (HKEX)09987HKYUM CHINA-S2020-09
Equity (HKEX)09988HKBABA-SW2019-11
Equity (HKEX)09989HKHEPALINK2020-07
Equity (HKEX)09990HKARCHOSAUR GAMES2020-07
Equity (HKEX)09991HKBAOZUN-SW2020-09
Equity (HKEX)09992HKPOP MART2020-12
Equity (HKEX)09993HKRADIANCE HLDGS2020-10
Equity (HKEX)09995HKREMEGEN-B2020-11
Equity (HKEX)09996HKPEIJIA-B2020-05
Equity (HKEX)09997HKKANGJI MEDICAL2020-06
Equity (HKEX)09998HKKWAN YONG2020-01
Equity (HKEX)09999HKNTES-S2020-06
Equity (HKEX)02121HKAINNOVATION2022-01
Equity (HKEX)02250HKSEMK HOLDINGS2022-01
Equity (HKEX)02257HKSIRNAOMICS-B2021-12
Equity (HKEX)02260HKVANOV HOLDINGS2022-01
Equity (HKEX)02285HKCHERVON2021-12
Equity (HKEX)02295HKMAXICITY2019-12
Equity (HKEX)02902HKCHINA INFRA INV2022-10
Equity (HKEX)02907HKTONGDA HT RTS2022-10
Equity (HKEX)02910HKCNEWECON F RTS2022-10
Equity (HKEX)02983HKLERADO FIN-OLD2022-10
Equity (HKEX)02995HKCMBC CAP-OLD2003-01
Equity (HKEX)02996HKKINGSTONE E-OLD2022-10
Equity (HKEX)02998HKKNT HOLD RTS2022-10
Equity (HKEX)02999HKKINGSTONE E RTS2022-10
Equity (HKEX)06680HKJLMAG2022-01
Equity (HKEX)08553HKGRANDTALENT-OLD2022-10
Equity (HKEX)08555HKVERTICAL I-OLD2022-10
Equity (HKEX)08557HKHONG WEI A-OLD2022-10
Equity (HKEX)08558HKVERTICALINTLRTS2022-10
Equity (HKEX)08559HKMADISON HLDG2022-10
Equity (HKEX)08560HKWING FUNG GROUP2022-10
Equity (HKEX)08561HKHANVEY GP RTS2022-10
Equity (HKEX)08599HKSTARGLORY-OLD2022-10
CryptoLQTYUSDLiquity vs USD2022-01
CryptoACHUSDAlchemy Pay vs USD2021-08
CryptoATOMEURCosmos vs GBP2021-11
CryptoSUSHIEURSushiSwap vs EUR2021-03
CryptoCRVBTCCurve DAO Token vs BTC2021-03
CryptoSPELLUSDSpell Token vs USD2021-12
Crypto1INCHBTC1inch Network vs BTC2021-04
CryptoMATICGBPPolygon (Matic Network) vs GBP2021-03
CryptoXTZEURTezos vs EUR2020-07
CryptoLOOMUSDLoom Network vs USD2021-11
CryptoRADUSDRadicle vs USD2021-09
CryptoLRCBTCLoopring vs BTC2020-12
CryptoBNTEURBancor vs EUR2020-12
CryptoNKNEURNew Kind of Network vs EUR2021-10
CryptoZRXEUR0X vs EUR2020-10
CryptoAVTUSDAventus vs USD2022-02
CryptoORCAUSDOrca vs USD2022-02
CryptoASMUSDAssemble Protocol vs USD2021-10
CryptoATOMGBPCosmos vs GBP2021-11
CryptoINVUSDInverse DAO vs USD2022-01
CryptoSHIBUSDShiba Inu vs USD2021-09
CryptoGFIUSDGravity Finance vs USD2022-01
CryptoCLVUSDClover vs USD2021-07
CryptoCGLDGBPCelo vs GBP2020-09
CryptoSKLEURSKALE Network vs EUR2021-05
CryptoFORTHEURAmpleforth Governance Token vs EUR2021-04
CryptoGALAEURGala vs EUR2021-11
CryptoWLUNABTCPrezzo Wrapped LUNA Token vs BTC2021-08
CryptoIMXUSDImmutable X vs USD2021-12
CryptoVGXUSDVoyagerToken vs USD2021-11
CryptoETHEUREthereum vs EUR2021-11
CryptoNKNBTCNew Kind of Network vs BTC2021-04
CryptoLINKBTCChainlink vs BTC2020-12
CryptoRENBTCRen vs BTC2020-10
CryptoPOWRUSDPowerledger vs USD2021-11
CryptoIDEXUSDIDEX vs USD2021-12
CryptoXLMEURStellar Lumens vs EUR2019-03
CryptoAGLDUSDAdventure Gold vs USD2021-09
CryptoXTZGBPTezos vs GBP2020-07
CryptoCTXEURCryptex vs EUR2022-01
CryptoDOTEURPolkadot vs EUR2021-06
CryptoPERPEURPerpetual Protocol vs EUR2021-10
CryptoCROUSDCronos vs USD2021-11
CryptoDOGEGBPDogecoin vs GBP2021-06
CryptoAMPUSDAMP token vs USD2021-06
CryptoBICOEURBiconomy vs EUR2021-12
CryptoAVAXBTCAvalanche vs BTC2021-11
CryptoDOGEBTCDogecoin vs BTC2021-06
CryptoOMGEUROmiseGO vs EUR2020-05
CryptoEOSEUREOS vs EUR2019-04
CryptoBADGEREURBadger DAO vs EUR2021-10
CryptoDDXUSDDerivaDAO vs USD2021-09
CryptoZRXBTC0X vs BTC2020-10
CryptoUNIGBPUniswap vs GBP2021-11
CryptoMIREURMirror Protocol vs EUR2021-05
CryptoSHPINGUSDShping Coin vs USD2022-01
CryptoBTRSTUSDBraintrust vs USD2021-09
CryptoRLYEURRally vs EUR2021-07
CryptoCLVGBPClover vs GBP2022-02
CryptoREPUSDAugur Reputation vs USD2019-04
CryptoAAVEBTCAave vs BTC2020-12
CryptoAPI3USDThe Web3 API Economy vs USD2021-12
CryptoSUSHIGBPSushiSwap vs GBP2021-03
CryptoSOLGBPSolana vs GBP2021-09
CryptoTRIBEUSDTRIBE vs USD2021-08
CryptoNMREURNumeraire vs EUR2020-10
CryptoBANDEURBand Protocol vs EUR2020-08
CryptoAAVEEURAave vs EUR2020-12
CryptoRLYGBPRally vs GBP2021-07
CryptoMIRUSDMirror Protocol vs USD2021-05
CryptoBANDBTCBand Protocol vs BTC2020-08
CryptoIOTXEURIoTeX vs EUR2021-08
CryptoXYOUSDXYO vs USD2021-09
CryptoSUSHIETHSushiSwap vs ETH2022-01
CryptoDOTBTCPolkadot vs BTC2021-06
CryptoFORTHBTCAmpleforth Governance Token vs BTC2021-04
CryptoORNBTCOrion Protocol vs BTC2021-08
CryptoARPAEURARPA Chain vs EUR2021-10
CryptoCHZGBPChiliz vs GBP2021-06
CryptoBANDGBPBand Protocol vs GBP2020-08
CryptoUMAGBPUMA vs GBP2020-09
CryptoRGTUSDRari Governance Token vs USD2021-09
CryptoAAVEGBPAave vs GBP2020-12
CryptoAXSEURAxie Infinity vs EUR2021-08
CryptoCHZUSDChiliz vs USD2021-06
CryptoZENBTCHorizen vs BTC2021-09
CryptoCROEURCronos vs EUR2021-11
CryptoSOLEURSolana vs EUR2021-06
CryptoUPIUSDUniPi Network vs USD2022-02
CryptoRNDREURRender Token vs EUR2022-02
CryptoPOWREURPowerledger vs EUR2021-12
CryptoGNTUSDGreenTrust vs USD2022-02
CryptoDESOUSDDecentralized Social vs USD2021-12
CryptoALGOEURAlgorand vs EUR2020-07
CryptoTRUEURTrueFi vs EUR2021-08
CryptoSUKUUSDSUKU vs USD2021-11
CryptoRLCBTCiExec RLC vs BTC2021-05
CryptoETCEUREthereum Classic vs EUR2021-06
CryptoFIDAEURBonfida vs EUR2022-02
CryptoGRTEURThe Graph vs EUR2020-12
CryptoSNXBTCSynthetix Network Token vs BTC2020-12
CryptoCHZEURChiliz vs EUR2021-06
CryptoETHBTCEthereum vs Bitcoin2016-12
CryptoICPGBPInternet Computer vs GBP2021-05
CryptoADAGBPCardano vs GBP2021-03
CryptoFORTHGBPAmpleforth Governance Token vs GBP2021-04
CryptoBATEURBasic Attention Token vs EUR2021-04
CryptoMATICBTCPolygon (Matic Network) vs BTC2021-03
CryptoRARIUSDRarible vs USD2021-10
CryptoICPBTCInternet Computer vs BTC2021-05
CryptoKRLEURKryll vs EUR2021-11
CryptoVGXEURVoyagerToken vs EUR2022-02
CryptoPERPUSDPerpetual Protocol vs USD2021-10
CryptoRADBTCRadicle vs BTC2021-09
CryptoNUUSDNuCypher vs USD2020-12
CryptoSUSHIBTCSushiSwap vs BTC2021-03
CryptoADABTCCardano vs BTC2021-03
CryptoFILBTCFilecoin vs BTC2020-12
CryptoGODSUSDGods Unchained vs USD2021-12
CryptoLPTUSDLivePeer vs USD2021-06
CryptoMLNUSDMelon vs USD2021-06
CryptoBATETHBasic Attention Token vs ETH2019-05
CryptoETCGBPEthereum Classic vs GBP2020-10
CryptoCTXUSDCryptex vs USD2022-01
CryptoCTSIBTCCartesi vs BTC2021-05
CryptoSNXGBPSynthetix Network Token vs GBP2020-12
CryptoATOMBTCCosmos vs BTC2020-01
CryptoUNIEURUniswap vs EUR2021-11
CryptoWLUNAEURPrezzo Wrapped LUNA Token vs EUR2021-08
CryptoNKNGBPNew Kind of Network vs GBP2021-10
CryptoMCO2USDMoss Carbon Credit vs USD2021-12
CryptoTRBBTCTellor vs BTC2021-05
CryptoBCHEURBitcoin Cash vs EUR2021-08
CryptoNCTUSDPolySwarm vs USD2022-01
CryptoWCFGEURWrapped Centrifuge vs EUR2022-02
CryptoSHIBGBPShiba Inu vs GBP2021-11
CryptoANKRBTCAnkr vs BTC2021-03
CryptoSHPINGEURShping Coin vs EUR2022-01
CryptoTRACUSDOriginTrail vs USD2021-11
CryptoSKLGBPSKALE Network vs GBP2021-03
CryptoANKRGBPAnkr vs GBP2021-03
CryptoBTCEURBitcoin vs EUR2022-01
CryptoSHIBEURShiba Inu vs EUR2021-11
CryptoNUGBPNuCypher vs GBP2020-12
CryptoSUKUEURSUKU vs EUR2021-11
CryptoETCBTCEthereum Classic vs BTC2018-08
CryptoBALBTCBalancer vs BTC2021-09
CryptoPOLSUSDPolkastarter vs USD2021-12
CryptoAUCTIONEURBounce Finance Governance Token vs EUR2021-10
CryptoMATICEURPolygon (Matic Network) vs EUR2021-03
CryptoAUCTIONUSDBounce Finance Governance Token vs USD2021-10
CryptoLINKEURChainlink vs EUR2020-07
CryptoGRTGBPThe Graph vs GBP2020-12
CryptoBATBTCBasic Attention Token vs BTC2021-04
CryptoJASMYUSDJasmyCoin vs USD2021-10
CryptoLINKETHChainlink vs ETH2019-06
CryptoBTRSTBTCBraintrust vs BTC2021-09
CryptoICPUSDInternet Computer vs USD2021-05
CryptoRLYUSDRally vs USD2021-07
CryptoSOLETHSolana vs ETH2021-11
Crypto1INCHGBP1inch Network vs GBP2021-04
CryptoREQGBPRequest vs GBP2021-08
CryptoMIRBTCMirror Protocol vs BTC2021-05
CryptoWLUNAUSDPrezzo Wrapped LUNA Token vs USD2021-08
CryptoNMRBTCNumeraire vs BTC2020-08
CryptoRADEURRadicle vs EUR2021-09
CryptoSTORJBTCStorj vs BTC2021-03
CryptoALGOGBPAlgorand vs GBP2020-07
CryptoKRLUSDKryll vs USD2021-11
CryptoLQTYEURLiquity vs EUR2022-02
CryptoUMAEURUMA vs EUR2020-09
CryptoENJBTCEnjin Coi vs BTC2021-04
CryptoRAIUSDRai Reflex Index vs USD2021-08
CryptoXYOBTCXYO vs BTC2022-02
CryptoDESOEURDecentralized Social vs EUR2022-01
CryptoLTCEURLitecoin vs EUR2017-08
CryptoXYOEURXYO vs EUR2021-09
CryptoXLMBTCStellar Lumens vs BTC2019-03
CryptoOMGGBPOmiseGO vs GBP2020-05
CryptoMASKUSDMask Network vs USD2021-07
CryptoUNIBTCUniswap vs BTC2020-12
CryptoGRTBTCThe Graph vs BTC2020-12
CryptoEOSBTCEOS vs BTC2021-09
CryptoNCTEURPolySwarm vs EUR2022-02
CryptoADAEURCardano vs EUR2021-03
CryptoPLUUSDPluton vs USD2022-01
CryptoQNTUSDQuant vs USD2021-06
CryptoYFIBTCYearn Finance vs BTC2020-12
CryptoXTZBTCTezos vs BTC2019-08
CryptoAVAXEURAvalanche vs EUR2021-09
CryptoAXSBTCAxie Infinity vs BTC2021-08
CryptoMANAEURDecentraland vs EUR2021-04
CryptoLTCBTCLitecoin vs Bitcoin2017-01
CryptoQUICKUSDQuickswap vs USD2022-02
CryptoFARMUSDHarvest Finance vs USD2021-07
CryptoRNDRUSDRender Token vs USD2022-02
CryptoRADGBPRadicle vs GBP2021-09
CryptoSOLBTCSolana vs BTC2021-06
CryptoTRUBTCTrueFi vs BTC2021-08
CryptoCOMPBTCCompound vs BTC2020-06
CryptoICPEURInternet Computer vs EUR2021-05
CryptoLCXUSDLCX vs USD2021-11
CryptoOGNBTCOrigin Protocol vs BTC2021-04
CryptoFOXUSDShapeshift FOX Token vs USD2021-12
CryptoBCHGBPBitcoin Cash vs GBP2019-01
CryptoCRVGBPCurve DAO Token vs GBP2021-03
CryptoDOGEEURDogecoin vs EUR2021-06
CryptoBTCGBPBitcoin vs GBP2016-12
CryptoNMRGBPNumeraire vs GBP2022-01
CryptoREQEURRequest vs EUR2021-08
CryptoBICOUSDBiconomy vs USD2021-12
CryptoREQBTCRequest vs BTC2022-02
CryptoALGOBTCAlgorand vs BTC2021-12
CryptoANKREURAnkr vs EUR2021-03
CryptoFILEURFilecoin vs EUR2020-12
CryptoUMABTCUMA vs BTC2022-01
CryptoALCXUSDAlchemix vs USD2021-11
CryptoLTCGBPLitecoin vs GBP2018-09
CryptoMKRBTCMaker vs Bitcoin2020-06
CryptoDDXEURDerivaDAO vs EUR2022-02
CryptoPOLYUSDPolymath vs USD2021-07
CryptoOMGBTCOmiseGO vs BTC2020-05
CryptoBNTBTCBancor vs BTC2021-07
CryptoBONDUSDBarnBridge vs USD2021-06
CryptoLINKGBPChainlink vs GBP2021-03
CryptoMASKGBPMask Network vs GBP2021-07
CryptoCGLDUSDCelo vs USD2021-06
CryptoSNXEURSynthetix Network Token vs EUR2020-12
CryptoMANABTCDecentraland vs BTC2021-04
CryptoREQUSDRequest vs USD2021-08
CryptoTRACEUROriginTrail vs EUR2021-11
CryptoPLAUSDPlayDapp vs USD2021-08
CryptoWCFGUSDWrapped Centrifuge vs USD2021-10
CryptoCLVEURClover vs EUR2021-07
CryptoKEEPUSDKeep Network vs USD2021-06
CryptoMASKEURMask Network vs EUR2021-07
CryptoBNTGBPBancor vs GBP2022-01
CryptoFORTHUSDAmpleforth Governance Token vs USD2021-04
CryptoWCFGBTCWrapped Centrifuge vs BTC2022-01
CryptoREPBTCAugur Reputation vs BTC2020-05
CryptoETHGBPEthereum vs GBP2020-09
CryptoMIRGBPMirror Protocol vs GBP2021-05
CryptoMPLUSDMapple vs USD2022-01
CryptoDASHBTCDash vs BTC2019-09
CryptoCRVEURCurve DAO Token vs EUR2021-03
CryptoKNCBTCKyberNetwork vs BTC2020-02
CryptoSKLBTCSKALE Network vs BTC2021-07
CryptoLCXEURLCX vs EUR2022-02
CryptoWLUNAGBPPrezzo Wrapped LUNA Token vs GBP2021-08
CryptoQSPUSDQuantstamp vs USD2022-02
Crypto1INCHEUR1inch Network vs EUR2021-04
CryptoPROUSDPropy vs USD2022-01
CryptoMANAETHDecentraland vs ETH2021-04
CryptoBTRSTEURBraintrust vs EUR2021-09
CryptoZECBTCZcash vs BTC2019-05
CryptoCGLDEURCelo vs EUR2020-09
CryptoFILGBPFilecoin vs GBP2020-12
CryptoCOVALUSDCircuits of Value vs USD2021-12
CryptoGALAUSDGala vs USD2021-11
CryptoADAETHCardano vs ETH2021-04
CryptoALCXEURAlchemix vs EUR2021-11
CryptoCGLDBTCCelo vs BTC2020-09
CryptoFIDAUSDBonfida vs USD2022-02
CryptoDOTGBPPolkadot vs GBP2021-06
Equity (US)WMCWESTERN ASSET MORTGAGE CAPITAL CORPORATION2012-05
Equity (US)AIRCApartment Income REIT Corp.2020-12
Equity (US)METMetLife, Inc.2000-04
Equity (US)METCRamaco Resources, Inc. Common Stock2017-02
Equity (US)MGIMoneygram International, Inc. Common Stock2004-08
Equity (US)DRQDril-Quip, Inc.1997-10
Equity (US)AMPHAmphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2014-06
Equity (US)AMRAlpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc.2021-02
Equity (US)AMRKA-Mark Precious Metals, Inc. Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)XLOXilio Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)AMSCAmerican Superconductor Corporation Common Stock1991-12
Equity (US)IZEAIZEA Worldwide, Inc. Common Stock2012-02
Equity (US)AIRGAirgain, Inc. Common Stock2016-08
Equity (US)AMCIAMCI Acquisition Corp. II Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)XNCRXencor, Inc. Common Stock2013-12
Equity (US)BXRXBaudax Bio, Inc. Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)AMCIUAMCI Acquisition Corp. II Units2021-08
Equity (US)XNETXunlei Limited American Depositary Shares2014-06
Equity (US)GDNRUGardiner Healthcare Acquisitions Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)KRNTKornit Digital Ltd. Ordinary Shares2015-04
Equity (US)KROSKeros Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-04
Equity (US)AMEDAmedisys Inc Common Stock1994-08
Equity (US)LAAAULakeshore Acquisition I Corp. Unit2021-06
Equity (US)MGMMGM RESORTS INTERNATIONAL1988-05
Equity (US)ANACArctos NorthStar Acquisition Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)MGTXMeiraGTx Holdings plc Ordinary Shares2018-06
Equity (US)CRKComstock Resources, Inc.1987-08
Equity (US)AVOMission Produce, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)MSGEMadison Square Garden Entertainment Corp.2020-04
Equity (US)MSMMSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc. Class A1995-12
Equity (US)CFCF Industries Holding, Inc.2005-08
Equity (US)MPACModel Performance Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-06
Equity (US)MPACRModel Performance Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)MPACUModel Performance Acquisition Corp. Units2021-04
Equity (US)XOMAXOMA Corporation Common Stock1986-06
Equity (US)XOSXos, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)XPXP Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-12
Equity (US)XPAXXPAC Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-09
Equity (US)MPLNMultiPlan Corporation2020-04
Equity (US)MGYRMagyar Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2006-01
Equity (US)MHFWestern Asset Municipal High Income Fund, Inc1988-11
Equity (US)MHKMohawk Industries, Inc.1992-04
Equity (US)MHLAMaiden Holdings, Ltd.2011-07
Equity (US)MHNCMAIDEN HOLDINGS NORTH AMERICA, LTD2013-11
Equity (US)MHOM/I Homes, Inc.1993-11
Equity (US)MHUAMeihua International Medical Technologies Co., Ltd. Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)MIGIMawson Infrastructure Group Inc. Common Stock2012-02
Equity (US)MILNGlobal X Funds Global X Millennial Consumer ETF2016-05
Equity (US)MINMFS Intermediate Income Trust1988-03
Equity (US)MINDMIND Technology, Inc. Common Stock (DE)1994-12
Equity (US)MPRAMercato Partners Acquisition Corporation Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)MPWMedical Properties Trust, Inc.2005-07
Equity (US)XPDBUPower & Digital Infrastructure Acquisition II Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)XPERXperi Holding Corporation Common Stock2022-09
Equity (US)XPEVXPeng Inc. American depositary shares, each representing two Class A ordinary shares2020-08
Equity (US)XPONExpion360 Inc. Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)MPWRMonolithic Power Systems, Inc. Common Stock2004-11
Equity (US)MPXMarine Products Corp.2001-03
Equity (US)MQMarqeta, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)CHNGChange Healthcare Inc. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)CHNRChina Natural Resources, Inc. Common Stock1995-08
Equity (US)ANTEAirNet Technology Inc. American Depositary Shares2007-11
Equity (US)MITOStealth BioTherapeutics Corp. ADS2019-02
Equity (US)MIXTMIX TELEMATICS LIMITED2013-08
Equity (US)MIYBLACKROCK MUNIYIELD MICHIGAN QUALITY FUND, INC. i1992-11
Equity (US)BMOBank of Montreal1994-10
Equity (US)MKSIMKS Instruments, Inc. Common Stock1999-03
Equity (US)MKTWMarketWise, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)MKTXMarketAxess Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2004-11
Equity (US)MLMoneyLion Inc.2020-08
Equity (US)MLABMesa Laboratories, Inc. Common Stock1984-02
Equity (US)ELSEElectro-Sensors, Inc. Common Stock1981-06
Equity (US)ELYMEliem Therapeutics, Inc Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)GDEVNexters Inc. Ordinary Shares2020-10
Equity (US)EMCBWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Emerging Markets Corporate Bond Fund2012-03
Equity (US)MRBKMeridian Corporation Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)MRCCMonroe Capital Corporation Common Stock2012-10
Equity (US)MRINMarin Software Incorporated Common Stock2013-03
Equity (US)MRKRMarker Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2002-07
Equity (US)MRTXMirati Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2013-07
Equity (US)MRUSMerus N.V. Common Shares2016-05
Equity (US)MLACMalacca Straits Acquisition Company Limited Class A Ordinary Shares2020-08
Equity (US)MLACUMalacca Straits Acquisition Company Limited Units2020-07
Equity (US)MLAIUMcLaren Technology Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)SNTSenstar Technologies Ltd. Ordinary Shares1993-03
Equity (US)MLNKMeridianLink, Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)MLPMaui Land & Pineapple Co.1994-04
Equity (US)SNUGEA Series Trust Merlyn.AI Tactical Growth & Income ETF2020-02
Equity (US)SNVSynovus Financial Corp.1989-09
Equity (US)SPCMUSound Point Acquisition Corp I, Ltd Unit2022-03
Equity (US)MMLPMartin Midstream Partners L.P. Limited Partnership2002-11
Equity (US)MMPMagellan Midstream Partners, L.P.2001-03
Equity (US)MNDYmonday.com Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)MEACMercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)CSGSCSG Systems International, Inc. Common Stock1996-02
Equity (US)TKCTURKCELL ILETISIM HIZMETLERI A.S. ADS2000-07
Equity (US)GDDYGoDaddy Inc2015-03
Equity (US)AITApplied Industrial Technologies, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)AIUMeta Data Limited2018-03
Equity (US)ALCAlcon Inc. Ordinary Shares2019-04
Equity (US)BLEUUbleuacacia ltd Unit2021-11
Equity (US)FVAM5:01 Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)MNPRMonopar Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2019-12
Equity (US)MNRLBrigham Minerals, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-04
Equity (US)MNROMonro, Inc. Common Stock1991-07
Equity (US)MOBQMobiquity Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)MODVModivCare Inc. Common Stock2003-08
Equity (US)MOFGMidWestOne Financial Gp Common Stock2008-01
Equity (US)MOGUMOGU Inc. American Depositary Shares, each representing three-hundred (300) Class A Ordinary Shares2018-12
Equity (US)MOMOHello Group Inc. American Depositary Shares2014-12
Equity (US)MONMonument Circle Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)MORMorphoSys AG American Depositary Shares2018-04
Equity (US)MOSThe Mosaic Company1988-01
Equity (US)CFAVictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF2014-07
Equity (US)BHSEBull Horn Holdings Corp. Ordinary Shares2020-12
Equity (US)EMPEntergy Mississippi, LLC First Mortgage Bonds, 4.90% Series due October 1, 20662000-01
Equity (US)MSCStudio City International Holdings Limited American depositary shares, each representing four Class2018-10
Equity (US)MSDMorgan Stanley Emerging Markets Debt Fund, Inc.1993-07
Equity (US)MSDAUMSD Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)ORNOrion Group Holdings, Inc2007-12
Equity (US)LABPLandos Biopharma, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)EMXCiShares, Inc. iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ex China ETF2017-07
Equity (US)BHSEUBull Horn Holdings Corp. Unit2020-10
Equity (US)DILAUDILA Capital Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-06
Equity (US)DNLIDenali Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2017-12
Equity (US)FULCFulcrum Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-07
Equity (US)BLCNSiren ETF Trust Siren Nasdaq NexGen Economy ETF2018-01
Equity (US)FULTPFulton Financial Corporation Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/40th Interest in a Share of Fixed Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A2020-10
Equity (US)BRFHBarfresh Food Group Inc. Common Stock2012-05
Equity (US)BVHBluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation1997-11
Equity (US)MUIBlackRock Municipal Income Fund, Inc.2003-07
Equity (US)MVBFMVB Financial Corp. Common Stock2012-08
Equity (US)MVTBlackrock Munivest Fund II1993-04
Equity (US)REPLReplimune Group, Inc. Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)MSEXMiddlesex Water Company Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)BVNCompania de Minas Buenaventura S.A.1996-05
Equity (US)MSPRMSP Recovery, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)AVNTAvient Corporation1999-09
Equity (US)MOHOECMOHO Limited American Depositary Shares2019-11
Equity (US)MORFMorphic Holding, Inc. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)MOXCMoxian (BVI) Inc Ordinary Shares2014-04
Equity (US)MPMP Materials Corp.2020-06
Equity (US)MPABLACKROCK MUNIYIELD PENNSYLVANIA QUALITY FUND1992-11
Equity (US)MPAAMotorcar Parts  of America, Inc. Common Stock1994-03
Equity (US)MPVBarings Participation Investors1988-10
Equity (US)MRCMRC GLOBAL INC.2012-04
Equity (US)ALKSAlkermes plc Ordinary Shares1991-07
Equity (US)ALKTAlkami Technology, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)ALLThe Allstate Corporation1993-06
Equity (US)ALLEAllegion Public Limited Company2013-11
Equity (US)BRD.UBeard Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stoc2015-12
Equity (US)BRDGBridge Investment Group Holdings Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)CODICompass Diversified2006-05
Equity (US)KWACKingswood Acquisition Corp.2021-02
Equity (US)MTBCCareCloud, Inc. Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)MTBCOCareCloud, Inc. 8.75% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2022-02
Equity (US)MTBCPCareCloud, Inc. 11% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2015-11
Equity (US)MTCMMTec, Inc. Common Shares2019-01
Equity (US)MTEXMannatech, Incorporated Common Stock1999-02
Equity (US)AEOAmerican Eagle Outfitters1994-04
Equity (US)ASIXAdvanSix Inc.2016-09
Equity (US)BVSBioventus Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)AFARAura FAT Projects Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2022-06
Equity (US)AGTIAgiliti, Inc.2021-04
Equity (US)LAZRLuminar Technologies, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-03
Equity (US)LBTYALiberty Global plc Class A Ordinary Shares2004-06
Equity (US)MPRAUMercato Partners Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-11
Equity (US)MQYBlackrock Muni Yield Quality Fund, Inc1992-07
Equity (US)MRMMEDIROM Healthcare Technologies Inc. American Depositary Share2020-12
Equity (US)TKTeekay Corporation1995-07
Equity (US)RESRPC, Inc.1984-06
Equity (US)BVXVBiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. American Depositary Shares2015-05
Equity (US)SUPVGrupo Supervielle S.A.2016-05
Equity (US)BWFGBankwell Financial Group, Inc. Common Stock2010-04
Equity (US)MTXMinerals Technologies Inc1992-10
Equity (US)MUCBLACKROCK MUNIHOLDINGS CALIFORNIA QUALITY FUND, INC1998-03
Equity (US)SWAVShockWave Medical, Inc. Common Stock2019-03
Equity (US)MULNMullen Automotive, Inc. Common Stock2008-10
Equity (US)MURMurphy Oil Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)MURFMurphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)APPNAppian Corporation Class A Common Stock2017-05
Equity (US)ARCCAres Capital Corporation Common Stock2004-10
Equity (US)ARGDArgo Group US, Inc. 6.500% Senior Notes due 20422012-09
Equity (US)NAACUNorth Atlantic Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-01
Equity (US)TJXTJX Companies, Inc. (The)1987-06
Equity (US)FTKFlotek Industries, Inc.2005-07
Equity (US)MTWThe Manitowoc Company, Inc.1990-03
Equity (US)MUMicron Technology, Inc. Common Stock1984-06
Equity (US)MUEBLACKROCK MUNIHOLDINGS QUALITY FUND II, INC1999-03
Equity (US)MUJBLACKROCK MUNIHOLDINGS NEW JERSEY QUALITY FUND, INC.1998-03
Equity (US)MUSAMURPHY USA INC.2013-08
Equity (US)RACYURelativity Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-02
Equity (US)PFDRUPathfinder Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-02
Equity (US)NBRNabors Industries Ltd.1979-12
Equity (US)AGBAAGBA Acquisition Limited Ordinary Share2019-07
Equity (US)NCTYThe9 Limited American Depository Shares2004-12
Equity (US)NDLSNoodles & Company Class A Common Stock2013-06
Equity (US)BMABanco Macro S.A.2006-03
Equity (US)AKAMAkamai Technologies, Inc. Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)CRHCCohn Robbins Holdings Corp.2020-10
Equity (US)CSCredit Suisse Group1995-05
Equity (US)MUXMCEWEN MINING, INC.1980-05
Equity (US)MVISMicroVision, Inc. Common Stock1996-08
Equity (US)MYOVMyovant Sciences Ltd.2016-10
Equity (US)MYTEMYT Netherlands Parent B.V. American Depositary Shares, each representing one Ordinary Share2021-01
Equity (US)MRSNMersana Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)MRTNMarten Transport, Ltd. Common Stock1986-09
Equity (US)MRVLMarvell Technology, Inc. Common Stock2000-06
Equity (US)DHID.R. Horton Inc.1992-06
Equity (US)DOVDover Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)TARAProtara Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-10
Equity (US)TARKInvestment Managers Series Trust II AXS 2X Innovation ETF2022-05
Equity (US)SIISprott Inc.2010-03
Equity (US)TBCPUThunder Bridge Capital Partners III Inc. Units2021-02
Equity (US)TBITrueblue, Inc.1994-04
Equity (US)TBKTriumph Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)NFTYFirst Trust India Nifty 50 Equal Weight ETF2012-02
Equity (US)LCWLearn CW Investment Corporation2021-11
Equity (US)ARKRArk Restaurants Corp. Common Stock1985-12
Equity (US)BGSB&G Foods, Inc.2007-05
Equity (US)DOWDow Inc.2019-03
Equity (US)MSSAMetal Sky Star Acquisition Corporation Ordinary shares2022-05
Equity (US)MSSARMetal Sky Star Acquisition Corporation Right2022-11
Equity (US)MSSAUMetal Sky Star Acquisition Corporation Unit2022-04
Equity (US)MTACUMedTech Acquisition Corporation Unit2020-12
Equity (US)MTCHMatch Group, Inc. Common Stock1993-01
Equity (US)MUFGMitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.2001-04
Equity (US)NBBNuveen Taxable Municipal Income Fund2010-04
Equity (US)AMNBAmerican National Bankshares, Inc. Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)SJRShaw Communications Inc.1998-07
Equity (US)ENBEnbridge, Inc1984-03
Equity (US)NAASNaaS Technology Inc. American Depositary Shares2017-10
Equity (US)NANNuveen New York Quality Municipal Income Fund1999-05
Equity (US)NGVCNATURAL GROCERS BY VITAMIN COTTAGE, INC2012-07
Equity (US)NGVTIngevity Corporation2016-05
Equity (US)NHNantHealth, Inc. Common Stock2016-06
Equity (US)NAOVNanoVibronix, Inc. Common Stock2015-05
Equity (US)NATINational Instruments Corporation Common Stock1995-03
Equity (US)NINiSource Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)AMRNAmarin Corporation plc1993-04
Equity (US)FTIIUFutureTech II Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-02
Equity (US)FTCFirst Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX Fund2007-05
Equity (US)ENLCENLINK MIDSTREAM, LLC2004-01
Equity (US)NIDNUVEEN INTERMEDIATE DURATION MUNICIPAL TERM FUND2012-12
Equity (US)EODAllspring Global Dividend Opportunity Fund2007-03
Equity (US)NATRNature's Sunshine Products, Inc. Common Stock2009-06
Equity (US)NKSHNational Bankshares, Inc. Common Stock1999-12
Equity (US)NEENextra Energy, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)NLNL Industries, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)NMNavios Maritime Holdings Inc.2005-01
Equity (US)NMGNouveau Monde Graphite Inc.2021-01
Equity (US)NEONeoGenomics, Inc. Common Stock2004-03
Equity (US)NMINuveen Municipal Income1988-05
Equity (US)NMIHNMI Holdings Inc. Class A Common Stock2013-11
Equity (US)NEOGNeogen Corporation Common Stock1989-08
Equity (US)NEONNeonode Inc. Common Stock1989-01
Equity (US)NEPNextEra Energy Partners, LP2014-06
Equity (US)NEPTNeptune Wellness Solutions Inc. Ordinary Shares2007-08
Equity (US)NERVMinerva Neurosciences, Inc Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)NBHCNATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORP.2012-09
Equity (US)NOKNokia Corporation1994-07
Equity (US)POSHPoshmark, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)PXP10, Inc.2021-10
Equity (US)FTAINFortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC 8.25% Fixed - Rate Reset Series C Cumulative Perpetual Redeemable Preferred Shares2021-03
Equity (US)EPHYEpiphany Technology Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)NMRNomura Holdings, Inc2001-12
Equity (US)NMRDNemaura Medical, Inc. Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)NMSNuveen Minnesota Quality Municipal Income Fund2014-10
Equity (US)NNNNational Retail Properties, Inc.1984-10
Equity (US)TOACTalon 1 Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)TOIThe Oncology Institute, Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)NODKNI Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2017-03
Equity (US)NOGNorthern Oil and Gas, Inc.2007-04
Equity (US)NOMNuveen Missouri Quality Municipal Income Fund1993-05
Equity (US)NOMDNomad Foods Limited2015-01
Equity (US)NOTVInotiv, Inc. Common Stock1997-11
Equity (US)ALGTAllegiant Travel Company Common Stock2006-12
Equity (US)NOVNOV Inc.1996-10
Equity (US)NOVASunnova Energy International Inc.2019-07
Equity (US)ALORALSP Orchid Acquisition Corporation I Class A Ordinary Share2022-01
Equity (US)NOVVRNova Vision Acquisition Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)NOWSERVICENOW, INC.2012-06
Equity (US)ALRSAlerus Financial Corporation Common Stock2003-03
Equity (US)ALSAAlpha Star Acquisition Corporation Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)NBIXNeurocrine Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock1996-05
Equity (US)NBSTUNewbury Street Acquisition Corporation Units2021-03
Equity (US)NBTBNBT Bancorp Inc. Common Stock1992-03
Equity (US)NCLHNorwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Ordinary Shares2013-01
Equity (US)NCSMNCS Multistage Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2017-04
Equity (US)ANVSAnnovis Bio, Inc.2020-01
Equity (US)EQBKEquity Bancshares, Inc. Class A Common Stock2015-11
Equity (US)SPROSpero Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)MYPSPLAYSTUDIOS, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)AGBARAGBA Acquisition Limited Right2022-11
Equity (US)AMRSAmyris, Inc. Common Stock2010-09
Equity (US)NWNNorthwest Natural Holding Company1979-12
Equity (US)MYRGMYR Group, Inc. Common Stock2008-08
Equity (US)MYSZMy Size, Inc. Common Stock2016-08
Equity (US)NWSANews Corporation Class A Common Stock2013-06
Equity (US)ASHAshland Global Holdings Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)SKYXSKYX Platforms Corp. Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)NPABUNew Providence Acquisition Corp. II Unit2021-11
Equity (US)NPCTNuveen Core Plus Impact Fund2021-04
Equity (US)NRNewpark Resources, Inc.1990-09
Equity (US)NRACNoble Rock Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share2021-04
Equity (US)NRACUNoble Rock Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-02
Equity (US)NRBONeuroBo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2016-08
Equity (US)SKYYFirst Trust Cloud Computing ETF2011-07
Equity (US)BIDUBaidu, Inc. ADS2005-08
Equity (US)AVLRAvalara, Inc.2018-06
Equity (US)AMRXAmneal Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)TITNTitan Machinery Inc. Common Stock2007-12
Equity (US)NEWTLNewtek Business Services Corp. 5.75% Notes due 20242019-07
Equity (US)NEXANexa Resources S.A. Common Shares2017-10
Equity (US)AMTIApplied Molecular Transport Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)NHINational Health Investors1991-10
Equity (US)NRTNorth European Oil Royalty Trust1980-03
Equity (US)NRXPNRX Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2017-12
Equity (US)ANGLVanEck Fallen Angel High Yield Bond ETF2012-04
Equity (US)NSTCNorthern Star Investment Corp. III2021-04
Equity (US)SLABSilicon Laboratories, Inc. Common Stock2000-03
Equity (US)SLAMUSlam Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)SLBSchlumberger Limited1981-12
Equity (US)SNDSmart Sand, Inc. Common Stock2016-11
Equity (US)EMXFiShares Trust iShares ESG Advanced MSCI EM ETF2020-10
Equity (US)ENCPUEnergem Corp Unit2021-11
Equity (US)NLTXNeoleukin Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)ENICEnel Chile S.A. American Depositary Shares Representing Common Stock (Each representing 50 shares of2016-04
Equity (US)TVTXTravere Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2012-11
Equity (US)TWTradeweb Markets Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-04
Equity (US)BLBXBlackboxstocks Inc. Common Stock2016-08
Equity (US)NVSANew Vista Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)NVSAUNew Vista Acquisition Corp Unit2021-02
Equity (US)CBUCommunity Bank System1985-11
Equity (US)NVSTEnvista Holdings Corporation Common stock, $0.01 par value per share2019-09
Equity (US)NVTnVent Electric plc Ordinary Shares2018-04
Equity (US)AMTXAemetis, Inc. (DE) Common Stock2006-06
Equity (US)AVTAvnet, Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)DSWLDeswell Industries, Inc. Common Shares1995-07
Equity (US)HEIHEICO Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)AVTEAerovate Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)AXHIndustrial Human Capital, Inc.2021-12
Equity (US)FSMFORTUNA Silver Mines Inc.2007-01
Equity (US)CDAQCompass Digital Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)APAMARTISAN PARTNERS ASSET MANAGEMENT INC.2013-03
Equity (US)NXENexGen Energy Ltd.2013-08
Equity (US)TWNKHostess Brands, Inc. Class A Common Stock2015-12
Equity (US)NXPLNextPlat Corp Common Stock1999-11
Equity (US)TWSTTwist Bioscience Corporation Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)NXSTNexstar Media Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock2003-11
Equity (US)TYDECryptyde, Inc. Common Stock2022-05
Equity (US)DTBDTE Energy Company 2020 Series G 4.375% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 20802020-10
Equity (US)DTEDTE Energy Company1979-12
Equity (US)DTILPrecision BioSciences, Inc. Common Stock2019-03
Equity (US)NTESNetEase, Inc. American Depositary Shares2000-06
Equity (US)DCRDUDecarbonization Plus Acquisition Corporation IV Unit2021-08
Equity (US)FBRTFranklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc.2021-10
Equity (US)TISITeam, Inc.1980-10
Equity (US)ASPUAspen Group Inc. Common Stock2013-03
Equity (US)SLCAU.S. SILICA HOLDINGS, INC.2012-02
Equity (US)OBOutbrain Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)BCCBoise Cascade Company2013-02
Equity (US)OBLGOblong Inc. Common Stock1995-06
Equity (US)DTOCUDigital Transformation Opportunities Corp. Units2021-03
Equity (US)FTAIFortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC Class A Common Stock2015-05
Equity (US)LECOLincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. Common Shares1994-04
Equity (US)NMMNavios Maritime Partners L.P.2007-11
Equity (US)TZOOTravelzoo Common Stock2002-08
Equity (US)UAAUnder Armour, Inc.2005-11
Equity (US)UAEiShares Trust iShares MSCI UAE ETF2014-05
Equity (US)UALUnited Airlines Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2006-02
Equity (US)NMMCUNorth Mountain Merger Corp. Unit2020-09
Equity (US)NMZNuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund2003-11
Equity (US)BALLBall Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)NIUNiu Technologies American Depositary Shares2018-10
Equity (US)NLSPNLS Pharmaceutics Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-01
Equity (US)OCOwens Corning2006-11
Equity (US)NLYAnnaly Capital Management. Inc.1997-10
Equity (US)OCAXUOCA Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)NNNextNav Inc. Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)BWMXBetterware de Mexico, S.A.B. de C.V. Ordinary Shares2019-01
Equity (US)LGACULazard Growth Acquisition Corp. I Units2021-02
Equity (US)FRTFederal Realty Investment Trust1979-12
Equity (US)FRSXForesight Autonomous Holdings Ltd. American Depositary Shares2017-06
Equity (US)LGF.BLions Gate Entertainment Corp. Class B Non-Voting Shares2016-12
Equity (US)ANYSphere 3D Corp. Common Shares2013-08
Equity (US)DFFNDiffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock2008-05
Equity (US)NRCNational Research Corporation Common Stock (Delaware)2013-05
Equity (US)NOAHNoah Holdings Limited2010-11
Equity (US)APIAgora, Inc. American Depositary Shares2020-06
Equity (US)EGLEEagle Bulk Shipping Inc. Common Stock2005-06
Equity (US)RNDBRandolph Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2016-07
Equity (US)RNLXRenalytix plc American Depositary Shares2020-07
Equity (US)SLFSun Life Financial Inc.2000-03
Equity (US)TIPTTiptree Inc. Common Stock2010-10
Equity (US)NUONuveen Ohio Quality Municipal Income Fund1991-10
Equity (US)HGENHumanigen, Inc. Common Stock2013-01
Equity (US)APLDApplied Blockchain, Inc. Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)SRIStoneridge, Inc1997-10
Equity (US)ALRAlerisLife Inc. Common Stock2001-12
Equity (US)ASOAcademy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)APLEApple Hospitality REIT, Inc.2015-05
Equity (US)ARBKArgo Blockchain plc American Depositary Shares2021-09
Equity (US)VLOValero Energy Corporation1982-01
Equity (US)FRSGUFirst Reserve Sustainable Growth Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)ARBKLArgo Blockchain plc 8.75% Senior Notes due 20262021-11
Equity (US)UGIUGI Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)FRMEPFirst Merchants Corporation Depository Shares2020-08
Equity (US)AQUAEvoqua Water Technologies Corp. Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)ARAYAccuray Incorporated Common Stock2007-02
Equity (US)DMRCDigimarc Corporation Common Stock1999-12
Equity (US)ARCHArch Resources, Inc.2016-10
Equity (US)RJFRaymond James Financial, Inc.1983-07
Equity (US)RNRRenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd.1995-07
Equity (US)RNRGGlobal X Funds Global X Renewable Energy Producers ETF2015-05
Equity (US)OFCCorporate Office Properties Trust1991-12
Equity (US)OFGOFG BANCORP1987-03
Equity (US)OIAINVESCO MUNICIPAL INCOME OPPORTUNITIES TRUST1988-09
Equity (US)OIIMO2Micro International Limited American Depositary Shares2000-08
Equity (US)OISOIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC.2001-02
Equity (US)EQREquity Residential1993-08
Equity (US)SLGCSomaLogic, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)OKEOneok, Inc.1980-10
Equity (US)ULHUniversal Logistics Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2005-02
Equity (US)OLITOmniLit Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)OLNOlin Corp.1979-12
Equity (US)ULTAUlta Beauty, Inc. Common Stock2007-10
Equity (US)DDDuPont de Nemours, Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)DXYNDixie Group, Inc. (The) Common Stock1986-11
Equity (US)UNFIUnited Natural Foods Inc1996-11
Equity (US)UNITUniti Group Inc. Common Stock2015-04
Equity (US)OLPOne Liberty Properties, Inc.1983-04
Equity (US)OMGAOmega Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)UNMAUnum Group 6.250% Junior Subordinated Notes due 20582018-06
Equity (US)ARBEArbe Robotics Ltd. Ordinary Shares2020-10
Equity (US)ARBGAequi Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)ATAAmericas Technology Acquisition Corp.2021-01
Equity (US)SQBlock, Inc.2015-11
Equity (US)NNDMNano Dimension Ltd. American Depositary Shares2016-03
Equity (US)OMICSingular Genomics Systems, Inc. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)NOACNatural Order Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)ONON Semiconductor Corporation Common Stock2000-05
Equity (US)ONBOld National Bancorp Common Stock1984-06
Equity (US)ONBPOOld National Bancorp Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/40th Interest in a Share of Series C Preferred Stock2020-06
Equity (US)ONBPPOld National Bancorp Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/40th Interest in a Share of Series A Preferred Stock2020-05
Equity (US)ONCYOncolytics Biotech, Inc. Common Shares2001-10
Equity (US)ONEM1Life Healthcare, Inc. Common Stock2020-01
Equity (US)ONEQFidelity Nasdaq Composite Index ETF2003-10
Equity (US)ONLOrion Office REIT Inc.2021-11
Equity (US)ENOEntergy New Orleans, LLC First Mortgage Bonds, 5.50% Series due April 1, 20662016-03
Equity (US)EGLXEnthusiast Gaming Holdings Inc. Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)NRGXPIMCO Energy and Tactical Credit Opportunities Fund2019-01
Equity (US)NRSNNeuroSense Therapeutics Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)NSITInsight Enterprises, Inc. Common Stock1995-01
Equity (US)UPCUniverse Pharmaceuticals Inc. Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)NSLNUVEEN SENIOR INCM FD1999-10
Equity (US)UPHUpHealth, Inc.2019-07
Equity (US)ONONOn Holding AG2021-09
Equity (US)UPLDUpland Software, Inc. Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)UPSTUpstart Holdings, Inc. Common stock2020-12
Equity (US)UPTDTradeUP Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)OPAMagnum Opus Acquisition Limited2021-05
Equity (US)UPTDUTradeUP Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-07
Equity (US)OPADOfferpad Solutions Inc.2020-12
Equity (US)OPCHOption Care Health, Inc. Common Stock1996-08
Equity (US)OPFIOppFi Inc.2020-11
Equity (US)OPGNOpGen, Inc. Common Stock2015-05
Equity (US)OPIOffice Properties Income Trust Common Shares of Beneficial Interest2009-06
Equity (US)OPINLOffice Properties Income Trust 6.375% Senior Notes due 20502020-06
Equity (US)UPWKUpwork Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)BLNDBlend Labs, Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)FRBNUForbion European Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)ESSCEast Stone Acquisition Corporation Ordinary Shares2020-03
Equity (US)ESTAEstablishment Labs Holdings Inc. Common Shares2018-07
Equity (US)FNFabrinet2010-06
Equity (US)ESTEEarthstone Energy Inc. Class A Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)OPKOPKO Health, Inc. Common Stock1995-11
Equity (US)URBNUrban Outfitters, Inc. Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)OPRAOpera Limited American Depositary Shares2018-07
Equity (US)ARCKArbor Rapha Capital Bioholdings Corp. I Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)ARDSAridis Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock2018-08
Equity (US)ORAOrmat Technologies, Inc.2004-11
Equity (US)ORCOrchid Island Capital, Inc.2013-02
Equity (US)ARESAres Management Corporation Class A Common Stock2014-05
Equity (US)ORIAOrion Biotech Opportunities Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-07
Equity (US)ORIAUOrion Biotech Opportunities Corp. Units2021-05
Equity (US)ORICOric Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2020-04
Equity (US)BWNBBabcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. 6.50% Senior Notes due 20262021-12
Equity (US)USIGiShares Broad USD Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF2007-01
Equity (US)USIOUsio, Inc. Common Stock1999-02
Equity (US)USOICredit Suisse AG Credit Suisse X-Links Crude Oil Shares Covered Call ETN2017-04
Equity (US)WEWeWork Inc.2021-10
Equity (US)RNSCFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI Small Cap US Equity Select ETF2017-06
Equity (US)FLYWFlywire Corporation Voting Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)SNLNHighland/iBoxx Senior Loan ETF2012-11
Equity (US)ORLYO'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Common Stock1993-04
Equity (US)ORMPOramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)FLACFrazier Lifesciences Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)DDFDelaware Investments Dividend & Income Fund, Inc.1993-03
Equity (US)DEAEasterly Government Properties, Inc.2015-02
Equity (US)WEAWestern Asset Premier Bond Fund2002-03
Equity (US)WEAVWeave Communications, Inc.2021-11
Equity (US)CALCaleres Inc1980-03
Equity (US)IBTMiShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2032 Term Treasury ETF2022-07
Equity (US)UTMEUTime Limited Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)ORTXOrchard Therapeutics plc American Depositary Shares2018-10
Equity (US)VACCVaccitech plc American Depositary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)NSTDNorthern Star Investment Corp. IV2021-04
Equity (US)NVNOenVVeno Medical Corporation Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)NXTCNextCure, Inc. Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)NXTGFirst Trust Indxx NextG ETF2011-02
Equity (US)NXTPNextPlay Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)NYCBNew York Community Bancorp, Inc.1993-11
Equity (US)OSCROscar Health, Inc.2021-03
Equity (US)OSTRUOyster Enterprises Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)OSUROraSure Technologies, Inc. Common Stock1986-11
Equity (US)OSWOneSpaWorld Holdings Limited Common Shares2017-11
Equity (US)OTECOceanTech Acquisitions I Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)VALValaris Limited2021-05
Equity (US)AVTXAvalo Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-10
Equity (US)VALEVALE S.A.2002-03
Equity (US)VALNValneva SE American Depositary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)ARRWArrowroot Acquisition Corp. Class A common stock2021-04
Equity (US)IEPIcahn Enterprises, L.P. Common Stock1987-07
Equity (US)DHBCUDHB Capital Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)BKSYBlackSky Technology Inc.2019-12
Equity (US)BKUBankunited, Inc.2011-01
Equity (US)OTEXOpen Text Corporation Common Shares1996-01
Equity (US)ENERUAccretion Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)ENGENGlobal Corporation Common Stock1995-01
Equity (US)ETDEthan Allen Interiors Inc1993-03
Equity (US)OTICOtonomy, Inc. Common Stock2014-08
Equity (US)OTLKOutlook Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2016-06
Equity (US)OTLYOatly Group AB American Depositary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)VBOCUViscogliosi Brothers Acquisition Corp Unit2022-01
Equity (US)OTRKOntrak, Inc. Common Stock2003-12
Equity (US)VCVisteon Corporation Common Stock2010-10
Equity (US)OVBCOhio Valley Banc Corp. Common Stock1994-11
Equity (US)OWLBlue Owl Capital Inc.2020-12
Equity (US)OWLTOwlet, Inc.2020-11
Equity (US)VCELVericel Corporation Common Stock1997-02
Equity (US)STLDSteel Dynamics, Inc.1996-11
Equity (US)VCIFVertical Capital Income Fund Shares of Beneficial Interest2019-06
Equity (US)OXLCLOxford Lane Capital Corp. 6.75% Notes due 20312021-03
Equity (US)OXLCNOxford Lane Capital Corp. 7.125% Series 2029 Term Preferred Stock2022-06
Equity (US)OXLCOOxford Lane Capital Corp. Preferred Stock Shares, 6.00% Series 20292021-08
Equity (US)OXLCPOxford Lane Capital Corp. 6.25% Series 2027 Term Preferred Shares2020-02
Equity (US)OXLCZOxford Lane Capital Corp. 5.00% Notes due 20272022-01
Equity (US)OXUSOxus Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-10
Equity (US)ICCMIceCure Medical Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-08
Equity (US)ARGOArgo Group International Holdings, Ltd.1986-11
Equity (US)BRCBrady Corporation1986-10
Equity (US)NPABNew Providence Acquisition Corp. II Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)NPOENPRO INDUSTRIES2002-05
Equity (US)ETGEaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Dividend Income Fund2004-01
Equity (US)ETJEaton Vance Risk - Managed Diversified Equity Income Fund2007-07
Equity (US)NGMSNeoGames S.A. Ordinary Shares2020-11
Equity (US)ESGROEnstar Group Limited Depository Shares 7.00% Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preference Shares, Series E2018-11
Equity (US)OXUSUOxus Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-09
Equity (US)OXYOccidental Petroleum Corporation1981-12
Equity (US)OYSTOyster Point Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)FLFoot Locker, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)OZKBank OZK Common Stock1997-07
Equity (US)NHICNewHold Investment Corp. II Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)PALTPaltalk, Inc. Common Stock2006-11
Equity (US)PAMPAMPA ENERGIA S.A.2009-10
Equity (US)PANWPalo Alto Networks, Inc. Common Stock2012-07
Equity (US)FFWMFirst Foundation Inc. Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)NICNicolet Bankshares,Inc.2013-05
Equity (US)TIOAUTio Tech A Units2021-04
Equity (US)EXDEaton Vance TaxManaged Buy-Write Strategy Fund2010-06
Equity (US)NYMTLNew York Mortgage Trust, Inc. 6.875% Series F Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share2021-06
Equity (US)NZACSPDR MSCI ACWI Climate Paris Aligned ETF2014-11
Equity (US)VENAVenus Acquisition Corporation Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)PASGPassage Bio, Inc. Common Stock2020-02
Equity (US)VENARVenus Acquisition Corporation Rights2022-11
Equity (US)VENAUVenus Acquisition Corporation Units2021-02
Equity (US)PAYCPAYCOM SOFTWARE, INC.2014-04
Equity (US)PAYOPayoneer Global Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)PAYSPaysign, Inc. Common Stock2007-10
Equity (US)PAYXPaychex, Inc. Common Stock1983-08
Equity (US)PBProsperity Bancshares Inc1998-11
Equity (US)VERAVera Therapeutics, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)VERBVerb Technology Company, Inc. Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)OCFTOneConnect Financial Technology Co., Ltd. American Depositary Shares, each representing three ordina2019-12
Equity (US)ODVOsisko Development Corp.2008-04
Equity (US)VGFCThe Very Good Food Company Inc. Common Shares2020-07
Equity (US)APLSApellis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)NREFNexPoint Real Estate Finance, Inc.2020-02
Equity (US)PCTIPCTEL, Inc. Common Stock1999-08
Equity (US)OUTOUTFRONT Media Inc.2014-03
Equity (US)TIOATio Tech A Class A Ordinary Share2021-06
Equity (US)OEPWOne Equity Partners Open Water I Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)OEPWUOne Equity Partners Open Water I Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)OMOutset Medical, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)OMCOmnicom Group Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)OMFOneMain Holdings, Inc.2013-10
Equity (US)PCTYPaylocity Holding Corporation Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)PCVXVaxcyte, Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)PCXCUParsec Capital Acquisitions Corp Unit2021-10
Equity (US)PDOPIMCO Dynamic Income Opportunities Fund2021-02
Equity (US)PDOTPeridot Acquisition Corp. II2021-04
Equity (US)APVOAptevo Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2016-07
Equity (US)PDSPrecision Drilling Corporation1996-11
Equity (US)PDSBPDS Biotechnology Corporation Common Stock2015-09
Equity (US)PDTJohn Hancock Premium Dividend Fund1989-12
Equity (US)AQNUAlgonquin Power & Utilities Corp. Corporate Units2021-06
Equity (US)LBPHLongboard Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)ICLNiShares Global Clean Energy ETF2008-06
Equity (US)VGLTVanguard Long-Term Treasury ETF2010-01
Equity (US)VHCVirnetX Holding Corporation1999-07
Equity (US)PEBOPeoples Bancorp Inc. Common Stock1993-02
Equity (US)VHIValhi, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)VHNAVahanna Tech Edge Acquisition I Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)VHNAUVahanna Tech Edge Acquisition I Corp. Units2021-11
Equity (US)ICLRICON plc Ordinary Shares1998-05
Equity (US)ONCTOncternal Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2004-02
Equity (US)ONVOOrganovo Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2012-02
Equity (US)AXPAmerican Express Company1979-12
Equity (US)PEGRUProject Energy Reimagined Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)NRIMNorthrim BanCorp Inc Common Stock1990-11
Equity (US)RELXRELX PLC1994-10
Equity (US)PFGPrincipal Financial Group Inc Common Stock2001-10
Equity (US)PFGCPerformance Food Group Company2015-09
Equity (US)PFHPrudential Financial, Inc. 4.125% Junior Subordinated Notes due 20602020-09
Equity (US)PFIEProfire Energy, Inc. Common Stock2010-03
Equity (US)PFINP & F Industries, Inc. Class A Common Stock1983-06
Equity (US)PFNPIMCO Income Strategy Fund II2004-10
Equity (US)PFOFlaherty & Crumrine Preferred and Income Opportunity Fund Incorporated1992-02
Equity (US)PFTAPortage Fintech Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share2021-09
Equity (US)RELLRichardson Electronics, Ltd. Common Stock1983-10
Equity (US)PGCPeapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)PGENPrecigen, Inc. Common Stock2013-08
Equity (US)PGJInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco Golden Dragon China ETF2004-12
Equity (US)NUTXNutex Health Inc. Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)PGNYProgyny, Inc. Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)VII7GC & Co. Holdings Inc. Class A common stock2021-02
Equity (US)VIIAU7GC & Co. Holdings Inc. Unit2020-12
Equity (US)PGREPARAMOUNT GROUP, INC.2014-11
Equity (US)PGRWProgress Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)PGRWUProgress Acquisition Corp. Units2021-02
Equity (US)PGYPagaya Technologies Ltd. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)FABFirst Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX Fund2007-05
Equity (US)FACAFigure Acquisition Corp. I2021-04
Equity (US)FATBPFAT Brands Inc. 8.25% Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock2020-07
Equity (US)VINCVincerx Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2020-05
Equity (US)VINOGaucho Group Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)VINPVinci Partners Investments Ltd. Class A Common Shares2021-01
Equity (US)PGZPRINCIPAL REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND2013-06
Equity (US)PHParker-Hannifin Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)PHARPharming Group N.V. ADS, each representing 10 ordinary shares2020-12
Equity (US)PHASPhaseBio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)PHATPhathom Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)PHDPioneer Floating Rate Fund, Inc.2004-12
Equity (US)PHGKONINKLIJKE PHILIPS  N.V.1980-03
Equity (US)PHIPLDT Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)FATEFate Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2013-10
Equity (US)FATHFathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation2021-03
Equity (US)FCAPFirst Capital, Inc. Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)FCELFuelCell Energy, Inc. Common Stock1992-06
Equity (US)OPOceanPal Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)PHVSPharvaris N.V. Ordinary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)PHXPHX Minerals Inc.1992-02
Equity (US)PHYTPyrophyte Acquisition Corp.2021-12
Equity (US)VIPSVipshop Holdings Limited2012-03
Equity (US)PIMPutnam Master Intermediate Income Trust1988-04
Equity (US)PINSPinterest, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-04
Equity (US)PJTPJT Partners Inc.2015-09
Equity (US)PKBKParke Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2003-06
Equity (US)PKEPark Aerospace Corp. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)PKGPackaging Corp of America2000-01
Equity (US)PLABPhotronics, Inc. Common Stock1987-03
Equity (US)SPPISpectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Common Stock1996-09
Equity (US)FEXDUFintech Ecosystem Development Corp. Units2021-10
Equity (US)PLMIPlum Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Share2021-05
Equity (US)PLMRPalomar Holdings, Inc. Common stock2019-04
Equity (US)PLRXPliant Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)NFGNational Fuel Gas Co.1979-12
Equity (US)PLXPPLx Pharma Inc. Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)QIWIQIWI plc American Depositary Shares2013-05
Equity (US)RELIReliance Global Group, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)KRUSKura Sushi USA, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-08
Equity (US)NRPNatural Resource Partners L.P.2002-10
Equity (US)NSSNUSTAR LOGISTICS, L.P. 7.625% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 20432013-01
Equity (US)FEXDRFintech Ecosystem Development Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)PLYAPlaya Hotels & Resorts N.V. Ordinary Shares2015-11
Equity (US)PLYMPlymouth Industrial REIT, Inc.2017-06
Equity (US)FEXDFintech Ecosystem Development Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)PNACPrime Number Acquisition I Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-07
Equity (US)FEXFirst Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX Fund2007-05
Equity (US)PNBKPatriot National Bancorp Inc. Common Stock1994-08
Equity (US)ARQTArcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-01
Equity (US)ATAXAmerica First Multifamily Investors, L.P. Beneficial Unit Certificates (BUCs) representing Limited Partnership Interests1986-04
Equity (US)NINENine Energy Service, Inc.2018-01
Equity (US)ARTLArtelo Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)CHPTChargePoint Holdings, Inc.2019-09
Equity (US)CHHChoice Hotels Intnl.1996-10
Equity (US)PNWPinnacle West Capital Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)POAIPredictive Oncology Inc. Common Stock2010-05
Equity (US)PODDInsulet Corporation Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)CHRACharah Solutions, Inc Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)PORPortland General Electric Company2006-03
Equity (US)LMBSFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF2014-11
Equity (US)NVGSNAVIGATOR HOLDINGS LTD.2007-01
Equity (US)AVDLAvadel Pharmaceuticals plc American Depositary Shares1996-06
Equity (US)LOGCLogicBio Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)AMEAmetek, Inc.1984-07
Equity (US)FERGFerguson plc2010-01
Equity (US)ARRYArray Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)FEIFIRST TRUST MLP AND ENERGY INCOME FUND2012-11
Equity (US)CBSHCommerce Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)AWREAware, Inc. Common Stock1996-08
Equity (US)OSIOsiris Acquisition Corp.2021-07
Equity (US)OSKOshkosh Corp.1985-10
Equity (US)OSSOne Stop Systems, Inc. Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)FEFirstEnergy Corp.1997-11
Equity (US)OTMOOtonomo Technologies Ltd. Ordinary shares2020-10
Equity (US)OTRKPOntrak, Inc. 9.50% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2020-08
Equity (US)OTTROtter Tail Corporation Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)OZONOzon Holdings PLC American Depositary Shares, each ADS representing one ordinary share2020-11
Equity (US)PAAPlains All American Pipeline, L.P. Common Units representing Limited Partner Interests1998-11
Equity (US)PAASPan American Silver Corp. Common Stock1995-06
Equity (US)PACGrupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico, S.A.B. de C.V. Amer. Dep. Shares (each rep. 10 Ser. B shares)2006-02
Equity (US)FDMT4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)DRCTDirect Digital Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)PRAAPRA Group, Inc. Common Stock2002-11
Equity (US)NTGTortoise Midstream Energy Fund, Inc. Common Stock2010-07
Equity (US)NWLNewell Brands Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)NKTXNkarta, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)PACKRanpak Holdings Corp.2018-03
Equity (US)VNOMViper Energy Partners LP Common Unit2014-06
Equity (US)VNQIVanguard International Equity Index Funds Vanguard Global ex-U.S. Real Estate ETF2010-11
Equity (US)PRFTPerficient, Inc. Common Stock1999-07
Equity (US)PRFXPainReform Ltd. Ordinary Shares2020-09
Equity (US)PRGSProgress Software Corporation Common Stock (DE)1991-07
Equity (US)PRIPRIMERICA, INC.2010-04
Equity (US)VONVVanguard Scottsdale Funds Vanguard Russell 1000 Value ETF2010-09
Equity (US)PRIMPrimoris Services Corporation Common Stock2008-08
Equity (US)FSNBFusion Acquisition Corp. II2021-04
Equity (US)PACWPacWest Bancorp Common Stock2000-06
Equity (US)PACXPioneer Merger Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-03
Equity (US)PACXUPioneer Merger Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)PARAParamount Global Class B Common Stock2005-12
Equity (US)PARAAParamount Global Class A Common Stock2019-12
Equity (US)PARRPar Pacific Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2012-09
Equity (US)PRLBPROTO LABS, INC.2012-02
Equity (US)PRLDPrelude Therapeutics Incorporated Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)VORVor Biopharma Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)PROCProcaps Group, S.A. Ordinary Shares2019-12
Equity (US)PROFProfound Medical Corp. Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)PRSPrudential Financial, Inc. 5.625% Junior Subordinated Notes due 20582018-08
Equity (US)PRTAProthena Corporation plc Ordinary Shares2012-12
Equity (US)PRTCPureTech Health plc American Depositary Shares2020-11
Equity (US)AIOVirtus Artificial Intelligence & Technology Opportunities Fund2019-10
Equity (US)PRTKParatek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2009-02
Equity (US)PRTSCarParts.com, Inc. Common Stock2007-02
Equity (US)PRTYParty City Holdco Inc.2015-04
Equity (US)PRUPrudential Financial, Inc.2001-12
Equity (US)PRVAPrivia Health Group, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)GSQBG Squared Ascend II Inc.2021-08
Equity (US)MODModine Manufacturing Co1982-09
Equity (US)PSAPublic Storage1980-11
Equity (US)PSAGUProperty Solutions Acquisition Corporation II Units2021-03
Equity (US)PSFEPaysafe Limited2020-10
Equity (US)ARTEArtemis Strategic Investment Corporation Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)WEJOWejo Group Limited Common Shares2021-03
Equity (US)NTNXNutanix, Inc. Class A Common Stock2016-09
Equity (US)BKIBlack Knight, Inc.  Common Stock2015-05
Equity (US)EVCMEverCommerce Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)PSNYWPolestar Automotive Holding UK PLC Class C-1 ADS (ADW)2022-06
Equity (US)PTGXProtagonist Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2016-08
Equity (US)PTHInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco DWA Healthcare Momentum ETF2006-10
Equity (US)EVEXEve Holding, Inc.2022-05
Equity (US)CFRXContraFect Corporation Common Stock2014-09
Equity (US)CBTCabot Corporation1980-11
Equity (US)VREVeris Residential, Inc.1994-08
Equity (US)CCBCoastal Financial Corporation Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)PTPIPetros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)PTRAProterra Inc. Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)PTRSPartners Bancorp Common Stock1999-07
Equity (US)PTSIP.A.M. Transportation Services, Inc. Common Stock1986-09
Equity (US)IEUSiShares MSCI Europe Small-Cap ETF2007-11
Equity (US)PUBMPubMatic, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)PUMPProPetro Holding Corp.2017-03
Equity (US)LEALear Corporation2009-11
Equity (US)IFBDInfobird Co., Ltd Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)PUYIPuyi Inc. American Depository Shares2019-03
Equity (US)PVPrimavera Capital Acquisition Corporation2021-03
Equity (US)PVHPVH Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)PVLPermianville Royalty Trust2011-11
Equity (US)LEGHLegacy Housing Corporation Common Stock (TX)2018-12
Equity (US)PWRQuanta Services, Inc.1998-02
Equity (US)LEOBNY Mellon Strategic Municipals, Inc.1987-09
Equity (US)IFFInternational Flavors & Fragrances Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)NKTRNektar Therapeutics Common Stock1994-05
Equity (US)PBFXPBF LOGISTICS LP2014-05
Equity (US)PCBPCB Bancorp Common Stock2018-08
Equity (US)PCFHigh Income Securities Fund1987-07
Equity (US)EVLVEvolv Technologies Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)KEXKirby Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)VRSNVeriSign, Inc. Common Stock1998-01
Equity (US)VRTVertiv Holdings Co Class A Common Stock2018-08
Equity (US)VRTSVirtus Investment Partners, Inc. Common Stock2009-01
Equity (US)VRTVVERITIV CORPORATION2014-06
Equity (US)VSVersus Systems Inc. Common Shares2012-08
Equity (US)PXSPyxis Tankers Inc. Common Stock2015-11
Equity (US)ARWRArrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock1993-12
Equity (US)ATNXAthenex, Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)BMACBlack Mountain Acquisition Corp.2021-11
Equity (US)RFRegions Financial Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)SYYSysco Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)PCSBPCSB Financial Corporation Common Stock2017-04
Equity (US)VTWGVanguard Scottsdale Funds Vanguard Russell 2000 Growth ETF2010-09
Equity (US)PXSAPPyxis Tankers Inc. 7.75% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares2020-10
Equity (US)PYPrincipal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal Value ETF2016-03
Equity (US)TIGRUP Fintech Holding Ltd American Depositary Share representing fifteen Class A Ordinary Shares2019-03
Equity (US)PYCRPaycor HCM, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)LBCLuther Burbank Corporation Common Stock2017-12
Equity (US)VIVKVivakor, Inc. Common Stock2009-09
Equity (US)PYNPIMCO New York Municipal Income Fund III2002-10
Equity (US)ADEXAdit EdTech Acquisition Corp2021-03
Equity (US)ARAVAravive, Inc. Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)PEVPhoenix Motor Inc. Common Stock2022-06
Equity (US)PFCPremier Financial Corp. Common Stock1993-07
Equity (US)PFHCProFrac Holding Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-05
Equity (US)PFXNLPhenixFIN Corporation 6.125% Senior Notes due 20232021-01
Equity (US)PGPPIMCO Global StockPLUS & Income Fund2005-05
Equity (US)VSACVision Sensing Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)PYPDPolyPid Ltd. Ordinary Shares2020-06
Equity (US)PYRPyroGenesis Canada Inc. Common Shares2011-08
Equity (US)VSATViaSat, Inc. Common Stock1996-12
Equity (US)PYSMerrill Lynch Depositor Inc. PPLUS Class A 6.30% Callable Trust Certificates, Series RRD-1 (Issued b2009-09
Equity (US)VSCOVictoria's Secret & Co.2021-07
Equity (US)PYXSPyxis Oncology, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)PGRUPropertyGuru Group Limited2022-03
Equity (US)PGTIPGT, Inc.2006-06
Equity (US)PHIOPhio Pharmaceuticals Corp. Common Stock2012-05
Equity (US)VSDAVictory Portfolios II VictoryShares Dividend Accelerator ETF2017-04
Equity (US)VSECVSE Corporation Common Stock1982-10
Equity (US)QHQuhuo Limited American Depository Shares2020-07
Equity (US)QLGNQualigen Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)QLIQilian International Holding Group Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-01
Equity (US)QLYSQualys, Inc. Common Stock2012-09
Equity (US)QMCOQuantum Corporation Common Stock1999-08
Equity (US)QNRXQuoin Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. American Depositary Shares2016-08
Equity (US)QNSTQuinStreet, Inc. Common Stock2010-02
Equity (US)QQJGInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco ESG NASDAQ Next Gen 100 ETF2021-10
Equity (US)QQMGInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco ESG NASDAQ 100 ETF2021-10
Equity (US)QQQInvesco QQQ Trust, Series 11999-03
Equity (US)QQQAProShares Trust ProShares Nasdaq-100 Dorsey Wright Momentum ETF2021-05
Equity (US)BIPCBrookfield Infrastructure Corporation Class A Subordinate Voting Shares2020-03
Equity (US)ASAXUAstrea Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)ASETFlexShares Trust FlexShares Real Assets Allocation Index Fund2015-12
Equity (US)CHGGCHEGG, INC.2013-11
Equity (US)ADALUAnthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp Unit2021-10
Equity (US)QQQJInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco NASDAQ Next Gen 100 ETF2020-10
Equity (US)QQQMInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETF2020-10
Equity (US)QQQNVictory Portfolios II VictoryShares Nasdaq Next 50 ETF2020-09
Equity (US)QQQXNuveen NASDAQ 100 Dynamic Overwrite Fund Shares of Beneficial Interest2007-02
Equity (US)QQXTFirst Trust NASDAQ-100 Ex-Technology Sector Index Fund2007-05
Equity (US)QRTEAQurate Retail, Inc. Series A Common Stock2006-05
Equity (US)QRTEBQurate Retail, Inc. Series B Common Stock2006-05
Equity (US)QYLGGlobal X Funds Global X Nasdaq 100 Covered Call & Growth ETF2020-09
Equity (US)RABrookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc.2016-12
Equity (US)RAASCloopen Group Holding Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing two Class A Ordinary Sha2021-02
Equity (US)RACBResearch Alliance Corp. II Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)RADRite Aid Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)VTNRVertex Energy, Inc Common Stock1992-10
Equity (US)VTOLBristow Group Inc.2013-01
Equity (US)VTRVentas, Inc.1997-05
Equity (US)VTRSViatris Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)PIOInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco Global Water ETF2007-06
Equity (US)PIPPPine Island Acquisition Corp.2021-01
Equity (US)PIPRPiper Sandler Companies2004-01
Equity (US)PIRSPieris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2015-01
Equity (US)RBCAARepublic Bancorp, Inc. Class A Common Stock1998-07
Equity (US)VTRUVitru Limited Common Shares2020-09
Equity (US)VTSIVirTra, Inc. Common Stock2012-09
Equity (US)VTWOVanguard Scottsdale Funds Vanguard Russell 2000 ETF2010-09
Equity (US)RBCNRubicon Technology, Inc. Common Stock2007-11
Equity (US)RBKBRhinebeck Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2019-01
Equity (US)RCReady Capital Corporation2013-02
Equity (US)RCAReady Capital Corporation 7.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 20232010-02
Equity (US)RCACURevelstone Capital Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)VTYXVentyx Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)RCBReady Capital Corporation 6.20% Senior Notes due 20262019-07
Equity (US)RCCReady Capital Corporation 5.75% Senior Notes due 20262021-02
Equity (US)RCELAvita Medical, Inc. Common Stock2012-05
Equity (US)RCFARCF Acquisition Corp.2021-12
Equity (US)RCHGURecharge Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-10
Equity (US)RCKTRocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2015-02
Equity (US)RCKYRocky Brands, Inc. Common Stock1993-02
Equity (US)RCLRoyal Caribbean Group1993-04
Equity (US)RCLFRosecliff Acquisition Corp I Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)RCLFURosecliff Acquisition Corp I Unit2021-02
Equity (US)VUZIVuzix Corporation Common Stock2010-04
Equity (US)VVNTVivint Smart Home, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-12
Equity (US)VVOSVivos Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)VVPRVivoPower International PLC Ordinary Shares2015-05
Equity (US)VVRInvesco  Senior Income Trust1998-06
Equity (US)VWEVintage Wine Estates, Inc. Common Stock2020-03
Equity (US)TIGOMillicom International Cellular S.A. Common Stock2019-01
Equity (US)AMOVAmerica Movil SAB de CV2001-02
Equity (US)WELIntegrated Wellness Acquisition Corp2022-01
Equity (US)IGAVOYA GLOBAL ADVANTAGE AND PREMIUM OPPORTUNITY FUND2005-10
Equity (US)RDNTRadNet, Inc. Common Stock1997-01
Equity (US)RDWRedwire Corporation2021-01
Equity (US)THWTekla World Healthcare Fund2015-06
Equity (US)WELLWelltower Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)PNIPIMCO NEW YORK MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND II COMMON SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INT.2002-06
Equity (US)PNRGPrimeEnergy Resources Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)RDWRRadware Ltd. Ordinary Shares1999-09
Equity (US)RDYDr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited American Depositary Shares2001-04
Equity (US)WWayfair Inc.2014-10
Equity (US)REEverest Re Group, Ltd.1995-10
Equity (US)REALThe RealReal, Inc. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)REAXThe Real Brokerage, Inc. Common Shares2021-01
Equity (US)WABCWestamerica Bancorporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)WAFDWashington Federal, Inc. Common Stock1982-11
Equity (US)WAFDPWashington Federal, Inc. Depositary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)WAFUWah Fu Education Group Limited Ordinary Shares2019-04
Equity (US)WALWestern Alliance Bancorporation2005-07
Equity (US)WALDWaldencast Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-05
Equity (US)RETAReata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Class A Common Stock2016-05
Equity (US)RETOReTo Eco-Solutions, Inc. Common Shares2017-11
Equity (US)REVRevlon, Inc.1996-02
Equity (US)REVBRevelation Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)REVBURevelation Biosciences, Inc. Unit2020-10
Equity (US)REVEAlpine Acquisition Corporation Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)REVHURevolution Healthcare Acquisition Corp. SAIL Units2021-03
Equity (US)RFEUFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund III First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF2016-04
Equity (US)FENGPhoenix New Media Limited American Depositary Shares (each representing forty-eight (48) Class A Ord2011-05
Equity (US)FETForum Energy Technologies, Inc.2012-04
Equity (US)FEUZFirst Trust Exchange-Traded AlphDEX Fund II First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX ETF2014-10
Equity (US)RFICohen and Steers Total Return Realty Fund1994-02
Equity (US)RFPResolute Forest Products Inc.2010-12
Equity (US)RGFThe Real Good Food Company, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)RGLDRoyal Gold, Inc. Common Stock1981-06
Equity (US)WASHWashington Trust Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1987-06
Equity (US)ASTSAST SpaceMobile, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)DSPCThe De-SPAC ETF2021-05
Equity (US)WESWestern Midstream Partners, LP2012-12
Equity (US)RIGLRigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2000-11
Equity (US)THTXTheratechnologies Inc. Common Shares2009-02
Equity (US)WETFWisdomTree Investments, Inc. Common Stock1994-10
Equity (US)WATTEnergous Corporation Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)WAVCWaverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 12021-10
Equity (US)WAVDWaveDancer, Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)WAVSWestern Acquisition Ventures Corp. Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)WAVSUWestern Acquisition Ventures Corp. Unit2022-01
Equity (US)WBWeibo Corporation American Depositary Share2014-04
Equity (US)WBAWalgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)RILYB. Riley Financial, Inc. Common Stock2007-08
Equity (US)RILYNB. Riley Financial, Inc. 6.50% Senior Notes Due 20262019-09
Equity (US)WCBRWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Cybersecurity Fund2021-01
Equity (US)ATAKUAurora Technology Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-02
Equity (US)ATAQAltimar Acquisition Corp. III2021-04
Equity (US)BAXBaxter International Inc.1981-10
Equity (US)RMBIRichmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. Common Stock2019-07
Equity (US)RMBLRumbleOn, Inc. Class B Common Stock2017-02
Equity (US)RMBSRambus Inc. Common Stock1997-05
Equity (US)RMCFRocky Mountain Chocolate Factory, Inc. Common Stock1986-02
Equity (US)RMDResMed Inc.1995-06
Equity (US)RMGCRMG Acquisition Corp. III Class A Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)RMGCURMG Acquisition Corp. III Unit2021-02
Equity (US)RMIRiverNorth Opportunistic Municipal Income Fund, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)RMMRiverNorth Managed Duration Municipal Income Fund, Inc.2019-07
Equity (US)RNERUMount Rainier Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)FGENFibroGen, Inc Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)FGFFG Financial Group, Inc. Common Stock2014-04
Equity (US)FGFPPFG Financial Group, Inc. 8.00% Cumulative Preferred Stock2018-03
Equity (US)PONDAngel Pond Holdings Corporation2021-07
Equity (US)PONOPono Capital Corp Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)POWPowered Brands Class A Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)POWIPower Integrations, Inc. Common Stock1997-12
Equity (US)LQDTLiquidity Services, Inc. Common Stock2006-02
Equity (US)RFDIFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund III First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF2016-04
Equity (US)VTWVVanguard Scottsdale Funds Vanguard Russell 2000 Value ETF2010-09
Equity (US)THRYThryv Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2018-04
Equity (US)SKYAUSkydeck Acquisition Corp. Units2021-05
Equity (US)RNLCFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI Large Cap US Equity Select ETF2017-06
Equity (US)RNMCFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI Mid Cap US Equity Select ETF2017-06
Equity (US)NRIXNurix Therapeutics, Inc. Common stock2020-07
Equity (US)RNWKRealNetworks, Inc. Common Stock1997-11
Equity (US)RNXTRenovoRx, Inc. Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)ROADConstruction Partners, Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)VIVEViveve Medical, Inc. Common Stock2010-05
Equity (US)VIVTelefonica Brasil, S.A. American Depositary Shares (Each representing One Common Share)1998-11
Equity (US)VIRTVirtu Financial, Inc. Class A Common Stock2015-04
Equity (US)WCCWesco International Inc.1999-05
Equity (US)WCLDWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Cloud Computing Fund2019-09
Equity (US)WCNWaste Connections, Inc.1998-05
Equity (US)AROWArrow Financial Corporation Common Stock1980-09
Equity (US)ARQQArqit Quantum Inc. Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)ROICRetail Opportunity Investments Corp. Common Stock (MD)2009-11
Equity (US)ROIVRoivant Sciences Ltd. Common Shares2020-12
Equity (US)ROKRockwell Automation, Inc.1981-12
Equity (US)ROKURoku, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-09
Equity (US)ROLRollins, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)ROLLRBC Bearings Incorporated Common Stock2005-08
Equity (US)ROLLPRBC Bearings Incorporated 5.00% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock2021-09
Equity (US)VIRIVirios Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)NRDYNerdy Inc.2020-11
Equity (US)GLBLCartesian Growth Corporation Class A Ordinary Share2021-04
Equity (US)ROOTRoot, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)ROPRoper Technologies, Inc1992-02
Equity (US)ROSSRoss Acquisition Corp II2021-05
Equity (US)VIRCVirco Manufacturing Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)RFACRRF Acquisition Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)ROVRRover Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)IGDVOYA GLOBAL EQUITY DIVIDEND AND PREMIUM OPPORTUNITY FUND2005-03
Equity (US)RPTXRepare Therapeutics Inc. Common Shares2020-06
Equity (US)RQICOHEN & STEERS QUALITY INCOME REALTY FUND, INC. COMMON SHARES2002-02
Equity (US)RRACRigel Resource Acquisition Corp.2021-12
Equity (US)RRBIRed River Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)IGIBiShares Trust iShares 5-10 Year Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF2007-01
Equity (US)ATSGAir Transport Services Group, Inc2003-07
Equity (US)CBANColony Bankcorp, Inc. Common Stock1998-04
Equity (US)IGICInternational General Insurance Holdings Ltd. Ordinary Share2018-04
Equity (US)RFACURF Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-03
Equity (US)WDIWestern Asset Diversified Income Fund2021-06
Equity (US)RRRRed Rock Resorts, Inc. Class A Common Stock2016-04
Equity (US)RRXRegal Rexnord Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)RSReliance Steel & Aluminium Co.1994-09
Equity (US)VIRVir Biotechnology, Inc. Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)ARRARMOUR Residential REIT, Inc.2007-12
Equity (US)ARRWUArrowroot Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)RSFRiverNorth Specialty Finance Corporation2019-06
Equity (US)RSIRush Street Interactive, Inc.2020-04
Equity (US)RSKDRiskified Ltd.2021-07
Equity (US)RSLSReShape Lifesciences, Inc. Common Stock2016-10
Equity (US)AZNAstraZeneca PLC American Depositary Shares1993-05
Equity (US)BLEURbleuacacia ltd Rights2022-11
Equity (US)NURONeuroMetrix, Inc. Common Stock2004-07
Equity (US)RTLPOThe Necessity Retail REIT, Inc. 7.375% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2020-12
Equity (US)CRWSCrown Crafts Inc Common Stock2003-10
Equity (US)NQPNuveen Pennsylvania Quality Municipal Income Fund1991-02
Equity (US)AVNSAvanos Medical, Inc.2014-10
Equity (US)FGMFirst Trust Germany AlphaDex Fund2012-02
Equity (US)FGMCUFG Merger Corp. Unit2022-02
Equity (US)FICVUFrontier Investment Corp Units2021-07
Equity (US)FIDFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust S&P International Dividend Aristocrats ETF2013-08
Equity (US)PRAXPraxis Precision Medicines, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)RTLPPThe Necessity Retail REIT, Inc. 7.50% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2019-03
Equity (US)RTLRRattler Midstream LP Common Units2019-05
Equity (US)ADMAADMA Biologics Inc Common Stock2013-10
Equity (US)RTXRaytheon Technologies Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)ADOCREdoc Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)RUBYRubius Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)RUNSunrun Inc. Common Stock2015-08
Equity (US)RUSHBRush Enterprises, Inc. Class B1996-06
Equity (US)RVLVRevolve Group, Inc.2019-06
Equity (US)RVMDRevolution Medicines, Inc. Common Stock2020-02
Equity (US)RVSBRiverview Bancorp Inc Common Stock1993-10
Equity (US)RVSNRail Vision Ltd. Ordinary Share2022-03
Equity (US)RVTRoyce Value Trust, Inc.1986-11
Equity (US)RWTRedwood Trust, Inc.1995-08
Equity (US)THRXTheseus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)PRBMParabellum Acquisition Corp.2021-10
Equity (US)PRCHPorch Group, Inc. Common Stock2020-01
Equity (US)RXDXPrometheus Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)AWIArmstrong World Industries, Inc.2006-10
Equity (US)RXRXRecursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)RXSTRxSight, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)RXTRackspace Technology, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)RYRoyal Bank of Canada1995-10
Equity (US)WFCWells Fargo & Co.1979-12
Equity (US)RYAAYRyanair Holdings plc American Depositary Shares1997-05
Equity (US)RYAMRayonier Advanced Materials Inc.2014-06
Equity (US)RYANRyan Specialty Holdings, Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)NUZENuZee, Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)NVCRNovoCure Limited Ordinary Shares2015-10
Equity (US)RYIRYERSON HOLDING CORPORATION2014-08
Equity (US)NVGNuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund2002-09
Equity (US)FBRXForte Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2017-04
Equity (US)COLDAmericold Realty Trust, Inc.2018-01
Equity (US)RYTMRhythm Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2017-10
Equity (US)LUNGPulmonx Corporation Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)LUVSouthwest Airlines Co.1980-01
Equity (US)PRCTPROCEPT BioRobotics Corporation Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)PREPrenetics Global Limited Class A Ordinary Share2021-07
Equity (US)RZAREINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED 6.20% Fixed-To-Floating Rate Subordinated Debentures due2012-08
Equity (US)SABRSabre Corporation Common Stock2014-04
Equity (US)SABSSAB Biotherapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)FBKFB Financial Corporation2016-09
Equity (US)LUXALux Health Tech Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)KNOPKNOT OFFSHORE PARTNERS LP2013-04
Equity (US)FBCFlagstar Bancorp, Inc. New1997-04
Equity (US)LVOXLiveVox Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-04
Equity (US)WHLRPWheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. Class B Preferred Stock2015-01
Equity (US)WHRWhirlpool Corp.1979-12
Equity (US)WIAWestern Asset Inflation-Linked Income Fund2003-09
Equity (US)WIMIWiMi Hologram Cloud Inc. American Depositary Share2020-04
Equity (US)WINAWinmark Corporation Common Stock1993-08
Equity (US)WINGWingstop Inc. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)WLDNWilldan Group, Inc. Common Stock2006-11
Equity (US)SAGARSagaliam Acquisition Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)SAGESage Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)WLKWestlake Corporation2004-08
Equity (US)SALMSalem Media Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock1999-07
Equity (US)RFACRF Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)PSAGProperty Solutions Acquisition Corporation II Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)ESGREnstar Group Limited Ordinary Shares1997-04
Equity (US)SANASana Biotechnology, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)SANBSanaby Health Acquisition Corp. I Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)SANBUSanaby Health Acquisition Corp. I Unit2021-10
Equity (US)SANDSandstorm Gold Ltd2010-02
Equity (US)NVIVInVivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp Common Stock2010-11
Equity (US)SANMSanmina Corporation Common Stock1993-04
Equity (US)SAPSAP SE1995-09
Equity (US)NVMINova Ltd. Ordinary Shares2000-04
Equity (US)DHHCDiamondHead Holdings Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)SATLSatellogic Inc. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)ERIEErie Indemnity Company Class A Common Stock1995-10
Equity (US)SBSafe Bulkers, Inc.2008-05
Equity (US)SBACSBA Communications Corporation Class A Common Stock1999-06
Equity (US)SPOTSpotify Technology S.A.2018-04
Equity (US)SBFMSunshine Biopharma Inc. Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)SBGISinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock1995-06
Equity (US)SBHSally Beauty Holdings, Inc.2006-11
Equity (US)WLKPWESTLAKE CHEMICAL PARTNERS LP2014-07
Equity (US)SBIWestern Asset Intermediate Muni Fund, Inc.1992-02
Equity (US)SBIGSpringBig Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)DHHCUDiamondHead Holdings Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)SBRSabine Royalty Trust1983-01
Equity (US)WLYJohn Wiley & Sons, Inc. Class A1979-12
Equity (US)SBSISouthside Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock1998-05
Equity (US)WLYBJohn Wiley & Sons, Inc. Class B1982-09
Equity (US)SBSWSibanye-Stillwater American Depositary Shares, each representing four ordinary shares2013-02
Equity (US)SBTSterling Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)SBTXSilverback Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)SCAQStratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)SCAQUStratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)SCCOSouthern Copper Corporation1996-01
Equity (US)DHRDanaher Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)ATOMAtomera Incorporated Common Stock2016-08
Equity (US)NWENorthWestern Corporation Common Stock2007-12
Equity (US)DHTDHT HOLDINGS, INC.2005-10
Equity (US)SKYASkydeck Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-07
Equity (US)LVOXULiveVox Holdings, Inc. Unit2021-07
Equity (US)SCDLMP Capital and Income Fund, Inc.2004-02
Equity (US)LVRALevere Holdings Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)FATPFat Projects Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Share2021-12
Equity (US)SKYSkyline Champion Corporation Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)SCIService Corporation International1980-03
Equity (US)RFILRF Industries, Ltd. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)GESGuess?, Inc.1996-08
Equity (US)SPLPSTEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P.2012-04
Equity (US)PWUPUPowerUp Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-02
Equity (US)SCKTSocket Mobile, Inc. Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)SCLStepan Co.1979-12
Equity (US)SCLEBroadscale Acquisition Corp. Class A common stock2021-04
Equity (US)SCMASeaport Calibre Materials Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)SCMAUSeaport Calibre Materials Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)NISNNiSun International Enterprise Development Group Co., Ltd. Class A Common Shares2016-12
Equity (US)SCOAScION Tech Growth I Class A Ordinary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)SCOAUScION Tech Growth I Unit2020-12
Equity (US)SCOBScION Tech Growth II Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)SCOBUScION Tech Growth II Units2021-02
Equity (US)SCORcomScore, Inc. Common Stock2007-06
Equity (US)SCPHscPharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)WNEBWestern New England Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2002-05
Equity (US)PXIInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco DWA Energy Momentum ETF2006-10
Equity (US)WPRTWestport Fuel Systems Inc Common Shares2008-08
Equity (US)SCRMScreaming Eagle Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-03
Equity (US)SCRMUScreaming Eagle Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-01
Equity (US)SCSSteelcase, Inc.1998-02
Equity (US)SCTLSocietal CDMO, Inc. Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)WREWashington Real Estate Investment Trust1979-12
Equity (US)SCUSculptor Capital Management, Inc. Class A Common Stock2007-11
Equity (US)SCUASculptor Acquisition Corp I2022-01
Equity (US)SCVLShoe Carnival, Inc. Common Stock1993-03
Equity (US)SCWO374Water Inc. Common Stock1996-05
Equity (US)SCWXSecureWorks Corp. Class A Common Stock2016-04
Equity (US)SCYXSCYNEXIS, Inc. Common Stock2014-05
Equity (US)SCZiShares MSCI EAFE Small-Cap ETF2007-12
Equity (US)WRLDWorld Acceptance Corporation Common Stock1991-11
Equity (US)NWFLNorwood Financial Corp. Common Stock1998-03
Equity (US)DTEADAVIDsTEA Inc. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)DTWDTE Energy Company 2017 Series E 5.25% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 20772018-03
Equity (US)THFFFirst Financial Corporation Indiana Common Stock1992-03
Equity (US)THCPUThunder Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc. Unit2021-06
Equity (US)THCTenet Healthcare Corporation New1980-03
Equity (US)QDELQuidelOrtho Corporation Common Stock1991-02
Equity (US)FXCOFinancial Strategies Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)VIOTViomi Technology Co., Ltd American Depositary Shares2018-09
Equity (US)THACUThrive Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-10
Equity (US)LFMDPLifeMD, Inc. 8.875% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2021-10
Equity (US)LGOLargo Inc. Common Shares2010-04
Equity (US)TGITriumph Group, Inc.1996-10
Equity (US)DHACUDigital Health Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)FIGSFIGS, Inc.2021-05
Equity (US)GIAGigCapital 5, Inc.2021-11
Equity (US)SDACSustainable Development Acquisition I Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)SDACUSustainable Development Acquisition I Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)SDCSmileDirectClub, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-09
Equity (US)SDGiShares Trust iShares MSCI Global Sustainable Development Goals ETF2016-04
Equity (US)SDHYPGIM Short Duration High Yield Opportunities Fund2020-11
Equity (US)SDIGStronghold Digital Mining, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)EPIXESSA Pharma Inc. Common Stock2015-03
Equity (US)WSTWest Pharmaceutical Services, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)SDVYFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust SMID Cap Rising Dividend Achievers ETF2017-11
Equity (US)WSTGWayside Technology Group, Inc. Common Stock1995-07
Equity (US)WTFCPWintrust Financial Corporation Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.875% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series E2020-05
Equity (US)SESea Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing one Class A Ordinary Share2017-10
Equity (US)SEACSeaChange International, Inc. Common Stock1996-11
Equity (US)CTRECareTrust REIT, Inc2014-05
Equity (US)SEASSEAWORLD ENTERTAINMENT INC2013-04
Equity (US)SEATVivid Seats Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)FITBOFifth Third Bancorp Depositary Shares each representing a 1/1000th ownership interest in a share of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series K2019-09
Equity (US)FLLFull House Resorts, Inc. Common Stock1993-08
Equity (US)FLOFlowers Foods, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)IGMSIGM Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2019-09
Equity (US)IGNYIgnyte Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)LGSTUSemper Paratus Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-11
Equity (US)SPLKSplunk Inc. Common Stock2012-04
Equity (US)NVVENuvve Holding Corp. Common Stock2020-05
Equity (US)NVXNOVONIX Limited American Depository Shares2022-02
Equity (US)NXDTNexPoint Diversified Real Estate Trust2006-06
Equity (US)QNGYQuanergy Systems, Inc.2020-04
Equity (US)SEDGSolarEdge Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2015-03
Equity (US)SEESealed Air Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)SECOSecoo Holding Limited ADS2017-09
Equity (US)SEICSEI Investments Company Common Stock1981-03
Equity (US)SEDASDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation2021-12
Equity (US)WTRGEssential Utilities, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)WTRHWaitr Holdings Inc. Common Stock2016-08
Equity (US)WULFTeraWulf Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)QQCSimplify Exchange Traded Funds Simplify Nasdaq 100 PLUS Convexity ETF2020-12
Equity (US)SELFGlobal Self Storage, Inc. Common Stock1997-02
Equity (US)SEMSELECT MEDICAL HOLDINGS CORP2009-09
Equity (US)SENEBSeneca Foods Corp. Class B Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)BEBloom Energy Corporation2018-07
Equity (US)NWGNatWest Group plc American Depositary Shares, (Each representing 2 ordinary shares)2007-10
Equity (US)SFESafeguard Scientifics, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)QQDSimplify Exchange Traded Funds Simplify Nasdaq 100 PLUS Downside Convexity ETF2020-12
Equity (US)QQEWFirst Trust NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index Fund2006-05
Equity (US)QRTEPQurate Retail, Inc. 8.0% Fixed Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2020-09
Equity (US)QRVOQorvo, Inc. Common Stock2015-01
Equity (US)QSQuantumScape Corporation2020-08
Equity (US)QTNTQuotient Limited Ordinary Shares2014-04
Equity (US)SELBSelecta Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2016-06
Equity (US)SEMRSEMrush Holdings, Inc.2021-03
Equity (US)VIGLVigil Neuroscience, Inc. Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)SFIXStitch Fix, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)SFLSFL Corporation Ltd.2004-06
Equity (US)SFSTSouthern First Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)SFTShift Technologies, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)SGSweetgreen, Inc.2021-11
Equity (US)WVEWave Life Sciences Ltd. Ordinary Shares2015-11
Equity (US)WVVIWillamette Valley Vineyards, Inc. Common Stock1994-09
Equity (US)WWWW International, Inc. Common Stock2001-11
Equity (US)QTRGlobal X Funds Global X NASDAQ 100 Tail Risk ETF2021-08
Equity (US)WWACWorldwide Webb Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-12
Equity (US)WWACUWorldwide Webb Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)WWDWoodward, Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)WWEWorld Wrestling Entertainment1999-10
Equity (US)AGCBAltimeter Growth Corp. 22021-01
Equity (US)NWLINational Western Life Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)VIGIVanguard Whitehall Funds Vanguard International Dividend Appreciation ETF2016-03
Equity (US)AGDabrdn Global Dynamic Dividend Fund2006-07
Equity (US)BHFAPBrighthouse Financial, Inc. Depositary Shares 6.6% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A2019-03
Equity (US)BRKLBrookline Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1998-03
Equity (US)FLRFluor Corporation2000-12
Equity (US)ALTGAlta Equipment Group Inc.2019-04
Equity (US)SGCSuperior Group of Companies, Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)SGENSeagen Inc. Common Stock2001-03
Equity (US)WFRDWeatherford International plc Ordinary Shares2021-01
Equity (US)SGFYSignify Health, Inc.2021-02
Equity (US)LHLaboratory Corporation of America Holdings1990-03
Equity (US)SGHLSignal Hill Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)SGHLUSignal Hill Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-02
Equity (US)SGHTSight Sciences, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)SGIISeaport Global Acquisition II Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)SGIIUSeaport Global Acquisition II Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)SGLYSingularity Future Technology Ltd. Common Stock2008-05
Equity (US)SGMASigmaTron International, Inc. Common Stock1994-02
Equity (US)SGMLSigma Lithium Corporation Common Shares2018-07
Equity (US)SGMOSangamo Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2000-04
Equity (US)XBIOXenetic Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2016-06
Equity (US)FMAOFarmers & Merchants Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2006-01
Equity (US)FMHIFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund III First Trust Municipal High Income ETF2017-11
Equity (US)FNBF.N.B. Corp1986-09
Equity (US)XBITXBiotech Inc. Common Stock2015-04
Equity (US)QTRXQuanterix Corporation Common Stock2017-12
Equity (US)QTTQutoutiao Inc. American Depositary Shares2018-09
Equity (US)QUBTQuantum Computing Inc. Common Stock2007-02
Equity (US)QUIKQuickLogic Corporation Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)SPKBUSilver Spike Acquisition Corp II Units2021-03
Equity (US)ARTNAArtesian Resources Corporation Class A Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)DCPHDeciphera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2017-09
Equity (US)EPWREmpowerment & Inclusion Capital I Corp.2021-03
Equity (US)SENEASeneca Foods Corp. Class A Common Stock1998-06
Equity (US)ERESEast Resources Acquisition Company Class A Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)SFBStifel Financial Corp.5.20 percent Senior Notes due 20472022-11
Equity (US)DUKDuke Energy Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)SOCLGlobal X Funds Global X Social Media ETF2011-11
Equity (US)QVCCQVC, Inc. 6.250% Senior Secured Notes due 20682019-11
Equity (US)QYLDGlobal X Funds Global X NASDAQ-100 Covered Call ETF2013-12
Equity (US)RCATRed Cat Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2002-01
Equity (US)IHDVOYA EMERGING MARKETS HIGH INCOME DIVIDEND EQUITY FUND2011-04
Equity (US)RENEUCartesian Growth Corporation II Unit2022-05
Equity (US)SHACUSCP & CO Healthcare Acquisition Company Unit2021-01
Equity (US)XELAExela Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2015-03
Equity (US)SHAPSpree Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited2022-02
Equity (US)TGANTransphorm, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)SHBIShore Bancshares Inc Common Stock2001-04
Equity (US)SHCSotera Health Company Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)SHENShenandoah Telecommunications Co Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)GSGoldman Sachs Group Inc.1999-05
Equity (US)ARTWArt's-Way Manufacturing Co., Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)ARVLArrival Ordinary Shares2020-02
Equity (US)SHOSunstone Hotel Investors, Inc.2004-10
Equity (US)LKQLKQ Corporation Common Stock2003-10
Equity (US)SHOOSteven Madden, Ltd. Common Stock1993-12
Equity (US)SHOPShopify Inc. Class A subordinate voting shares2015-05
Equity (US)LMAOULMF Acquisition Opportunities Inc. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)SHPWShapeways Holdings, Inc.2019-11
Equity (US)SHQAShelter Acquisition Corporation I Class A Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)SHQAUShelter Acquisition Corporation I Units2021-06
Equity (US)CHSCMCHS Inc Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 32014-09
Equity (US)SHUASHUAA Partners Acquisition Corp I Class A Ordinary Share2022-04
Equity (US)SHUAUSHUAA Partners Acquisition Corp I Unit2022-03
Equity (US)VIAVViavi Solutions Inc. Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)LMDXLumiraDx Limited Common Shares2021-03
Equity (US)LMPXLMP Automotive Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2019-12
Equity (US)RENTRent the Runway, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)REVEUAlpine Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-08
Equity (US)RFMRiverNorth Flexible Municipal Income Fund, Inc.2020-03
Equity (US)RGCORGC Resources Inc. Common Stock1994-02
Equity (US)SHViShares Short Treasury Bond ETF2007-01
Equity (US)SHWThe Sherwin-Williams Company1980-03
Equity (US)ALRMAlarm.com Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)ARYDARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV Class A Odinary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)ARYEARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V Class A Ordinary Shares2021-07
Equity (US)SIEBSiebert Financial Corp. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)SIENSientra, Inc. Common Stock2014-10
Equity (US)SIERSierra Lake Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)SIFYSify Technologies Limited American Depositary Shares1999-10
Equity (US)SOPASociety Pass Incorporated Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)LSXMKLiberty Media Corporation Series C Liberty SiriusXM Common Stock2016-04
Equity (US)RGENRepligen Corporation Common Stock1986-04
Equity (US)XPOFXponential Fitness, Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)XPROExpro Group Holdings N.V.2013-08
Equity (US)YELLYellow Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)YETIYETI Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)YEXTYext, Inc.2017-04
Equity (US)SORSource Capital, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)ASBAssociated Banc-Corp1980-03
Equity (US)ASCARDMORE SHIPPING CORPORATION2013-08
Equity (US)AUBAtlantic Union Bankshares Corporation Common Stock1993-10
Equity (US)CHSCNCHS Inc Preferred Class B Series 2 Reset Rate2014-03
Equity (US)CHSCOCHS Inc. Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2013-09
Equity (US)VIASPVia Renewables, Inc. 8.75% Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2017-03
Equity (US)IUSGiShares Core S&P U.S. Growth ETF2000-07
Equity (US)SINTSiNtx Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)SIOXSio Gene Therapies Inc. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)SIRESisecam Resources LP2013-09
Equity (US)SIRISirius XM Holdings Inc. Common Stock1994-09
Equity (US)SITCSITE Centers Corp. Common Shares1993-02
Equity (US)SITESiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc.2016-05
Equity (US)SITMSiTime Corporation Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)SIVBSVB Financial Group Common Stock1987-10
Equity (US)SIVBPSVB Financial Group Depositary Shs each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of 5.25% Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A2019-12
Equity (US)SIXSix Flags Entertainment Corp.2010-05
Equity (US)FSEAFirst Seacoast Bancorp Common Stock2019-07
Equity (US)BBarnes Group Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)VIAOVIA optronics AG American Depositary Shares, each representing one-fifth of an Ordinary Share2020-09
Equity (US)VIAVia Renewables, Inc. Class A Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)FATBBFAT Brands Inc. Class B Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)CSBVictoryShares US Small Cap High Div Volatility Wtd ETF2015-07
Equity (US)DCRDDecarbonization Plus Acquisition Corporation IV Class A Ordinary Share2021-10
Equity (US)SJScienjoy Holding Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2019-03
Equity (US)SJISouth Jersey Industries, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)SJIJSouth Jersey Industries, Inc. 5.625% Junior Subordinated Notes due 20792019-09
Equity (US)HLFHerbalife Nutrition Ltd.2004-12
Equity (US)EVOJEvo Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)RGLSRegulus Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2012-10
Equity (US)RGNXREGENXBIO Inc. Common Stock2015-09
Equity (US)RGPResources Connection, Inc. Common Stock2000-12
Equity (US)RGRSturm, Ruger & Company, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)RGTRoyce Global Value Trust, Inc.2013-10
Equity (US)YMMFull Truck Alliance Co. Ltd. American Depositary Shares (each representing 20 Class A Ordinary Share2021-06
Equity (US)LBBBLakeshore Acquisition II Corp. Ordinary Shares2022-04
Equity (US)LTRXLantronix, Inc. Common Stock2000-08
Equity (US)BOCNUBlue Ocean Acquisition Corp Unit2021-12
Equity (US)LTRYLottery.com, Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)GFNEW GERMANY FUND Inc1990-01
Equity (US)FAARFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VII First Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF2016-05
Equity (US)ETBEaton Vance Tax-Managed Buy-Write Income Fund2005-04
Equity (US)SKYWSkyWest, Inc. Common Stock1986-06
Equity (US)SLACSocial Leverage Acquisition Corp I2021-04
Equity (US)SLAMSlam Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-04
Equity (US)LULufax Holding Ltd. American Depositary Shares, two of which representing one Ordinary Share2020-10
Equity (US)PARPAR Technology Corp.1982-12
Equity (US)SLCRSilver Crest Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share2021-03
Equity (US)SLCRUSilver Crest Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-01
Equity (US)SLDBSolid Biosciences Inc. Common Stock2018-01
Equity (US)LUCDLucid Diagnostics Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)LUXAULux Health Tech Acquisition Corp. Units2020-10
Equity (US)XRTXXORTX Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)LVACULAVA Medtech Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)MAXRMaxar Technologies Inc. Common Stock2009-02
Equity (US)SHYiShares 1-3 Year Treasury Bond ETF2002-07
Equity (US)FSSFederal Signal Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)FSSIUFortistar Sustainable Solutions Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)TFCTruist Financial Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)YYJOYY Inc. American Depositary Shares2012-11
Equity (US)ALRNAileron Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)EYPTEyePoint Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2005-01
Equity (US)IIIVi3 Verticals, Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)SMSM Energy Company1992-12
Equity (US)IIMINVESCO VALUE MUNICIPAL INCOME TRUST1993-02
Equity (US)IINNInspira Technologies Oxy B.H.N. Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-07
Equity (US)SMARSmartsheet Inc.2018-04
Equity (US)FTAFirst Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX Fund2007-05
Equity (US)FTAAFTAC Athena Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-04
Equity (US)FTAAUFTAC Athena Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)FTAGFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund II First Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF2010-03
Equity (US)FTAIPFortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC 8.25% Fixed to Floating Rate Series A Cumulative Perpetual Redeemable Preferred Shares2019-09
Equity (US)NXGLNexGel, Inc Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)NXPINXP Semiconductors N.V. Common Stock2010-08
Equity (US)FTCIFTC Solar, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)FTRIFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund II First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF2010-03
Equity (US)FTSFortis Inc. Common Shares2010-01
Equity (US)CBTXCBTX, Inc. Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)SMRTSmartRent, Inc.2021-08
Equity (US)YAlleghany Corporation1980-01
Equity (US)EXKEndeavour Silver Corp.2006-04
Equity (US)SMTCSemtech Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)NSANational Storage Affiliates Trust2015-04
Equity (US)APENApollo Endosurgery, Inc. Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)SMTISanara MedTech Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)ASAASA GOLD AND PRECIOUS METALS LIMITED1979-12
Equity (US)ASCAA SPAC I Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2022-03
Equity (US)HUBSHUBSPOT, INC.2014-10
Equity (US)ASCARA SPAC I Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)CORRCorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. (NEW2007-02
Equity (US)RIBTRiceBran Technologies Common Stock2003-10
Equity (US)RICKRCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1995-10
Equity (US)ONEWOneWater Marine Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-02
Equity (US)ZTRVirtus Total Return Fund Inc.1988-09
Equity (US)SNCRSynchronoss Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2006-06
Equity (US)SNCRLSynchronoss Technologies, Inc. 8.375% Senior Notes due 20262021-07
Equity (US)SNCYSun Country Airlines Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)SNDASonida Senior Living, Inc.1997-10
Equity (US)ASLNASLAN Pharmaceuticals Limited American Depositary Shares2018-05
Equity (US)SNDLSundial Growers Inc. Common Shares2019-08
Equity (US)SNDRSchneider National, Inc.2017-04
Equity (US)SNDXSyndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2016-03
Equity (US)ASMLASML Holding N.V. New York Registry Shares1995-03
Equity (US)SNESSenesTech, Inc. Common Stock2016-12
Equity (US)SNEXStoneX Group Inc. Common Stock1995-03
Equity (US)SNFCASecurity National Financial Corporation Class A Common Stock1987-08
Equity (US)GPCGenuine Parts Company1980-03
Equity (US)GRWGGrowGeneration Corp. Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)SHYFThe Shyft Group, Inc. Common Stock1984-06
Equity (US)RIDELordstown Motors Corp. Class A Common Stock2019-04
Equity (US)RIGTransocean LTD.1993-05
Equity (US)RILYGB. Riley Financial, Inc. 5.00% Senior Notes due 20262021-12
Equity (US)RILYKB. Riley Financial, Inc. 5.50% Senior Notes Due 20262021-03
Equity (US)RILYLB. Riley Financial, Inc. Depositary Shares each representing 1/1000th in a share of 7.375% Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.00012020-09
Equity (US)SISIShineco, Inc. Common Stock2016-09
Equity (US)SPKBSilver Spike Acquisition Corp II Class A Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)EXGEaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Diversified Equity Income Fund2007-04
Equity (US)EXFYExpensify, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)RFLRafael Holdings, Inc. Class B Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)SNPSSynopsys, Inc. Common Stock1992-02
Equity (US)SNPXSynaptogenix, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)SPKAUSPK Acquisition Corp Unit2021-06
Equity (US)SNRHSenior Connect Acquisition Corp. I Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)CMTGClaros Mortgage Trust, Inc.2021-11
Equity (US)EXCExelon Corporation Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)FTSLFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV First Trust Senior Loan Fund ETF2013-05
Equity (US)EXAIExscientia Plc American Depositary Shares2021-10
Equity (US)YALAYalla Group Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing one Class A Ordinary Share2020-09
Equity (US)TEXTerex Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)AEEAmeren Corporation1998-01
Equity (US)ASPSAltisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. Common Stock2009-08
Equity (US)ASXASE Technology Holding Co., Ltd.2000-10
Equity (US)ASZAusterlitz Acquisition Corporation II2021-04
Equity (US)ATERAterian, Inc. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)AVALGRUPO AVAL ACCIONES Y VALORES S.A.2014-09
Equity (US)AEHRAehr Test Systems Common Stock1997-08
Equity (US)IEFiShares 7-10 Year Treasury Bond ETF2002-07
Equity (US)REKRRekor Systems, Inc. Common Stock2017-08
Equity (US)AIHAesthetic Medical International Holdings Group Ltd. American Depositary Shares2019-10
Equity (US)BXBlackstone Inc.2007-06
Equity (US)NYMTMNew York Mortgage Trust, Inc. 7.875% Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2019-10
Equity (US)NYMTZNew York Mortgage Trust, Inc. 7.000% Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share2021-11
Equity (US)OLPXOlaplex Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)SRCE1st Source Corporation Common Stock1983-08
Equity (US)SRCLStericycle, Inc. Common Stock1996-08
Equity (US)SRDXSurmodics, Inc. Common Stock1998-03
Equity (US)SREASempra 5.750% Junior Subordinated Notes due 20792019-06
Equity (US)SRETGlobal X Funds Global X SuperDividend REIT ETF2015-03
Equity (US)SRGSeritage Growth Properties Class A common shares of beneficial interest, par value $0.012015-07
Equity (US)SRGASurgalign Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2000-08
Equity (US)AIVApartment Investment and Management Company1994-07
Equity (US)OPHCOptimumBank Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2003-06
Equity (US)ATEXAnterix Inc. Common Stock2015-02
Equity (US)OPRTOportun Financial Corporation Common Stock2019-09
Equity (US)ATGEAdtalem Global Education Inc. Common Shares1991-06
Equity (US)SRZNSurrozen, Inc. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)AVBAvalonBay Communities, Inc.1994-03
Equity (US)IIVIPII-VI Incorporated 6.00% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock2020-07
Equity (US)SSBKSouthern States Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)NIQNUVEEN INTERMEDIATE DURATION QUALITY MUNICIPAL TERM FUND2013-02
Equity (US)TEVATeva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited American Depositary Shares1982-02
Equity (US)TETEUTechnology & Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation Unit2022-01
Equity (US)REITALPS ETF Trust ALPS Active REIT ETF2021-02
Equity (US)SSLSasol Limited1982-04
Equity (US)EWZSiShares MSCI Brazil Small-Cap ETF2010-09
Equity (US)SSNCSS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2010-03
Equity (US)RMMZRiverNorth Managed Duration Municipal Income Fund II, Inc.2022-02
Equity (US)RMNIRimini Street, Inc. (DE) Common Stock2015-08
Equity (US)RMRThe RMR Group Inc. Class A Common Stock2015-12
Equity (US)RMTIRockwell Medical, Inc. Common Stock1998-01
Equity (US)CCCSCCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc.2020-10
Equity (US)STAFStaffing 360 Solutions, Inc. Common Stock (DE)2013-03
Equity (US)STARISTAR INC1989-11
Equity (US)STBAS&T Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1992-04
Equity (US)STCStewart Information Services Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)OPRXOptimizeRx Corporation Common Stock2007-11
Equity (US)OPTOpthea Limited American Depositary Shares2020-10
Equity (US)BCOVBrightcove Inc. Common Stock2012-02
Equity (US)CBRGUChain Bridge I Units2021-11
Equity (US)IPSCCentury Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)OPYOppenheimer Holdings, Inc.1982-10
Equity (US)ORCCOwl Rock Capital Corporation2019-07
Equity (US)ROGRogers Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)RONIRice Acquisition Corp. II2021-08
Equity (US)STCNSteel Connect, Inc. Common Stock1994-01
Equity (US)PAXSPIMCO Access Income Fund2022-01
Equity (US)STESTERIS plc1992-06
Equity (US)STGWStagwell Inc. Class A Common Stock1995-04
Equity (US)STIMNeuronetics, Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)SPNESeaSpine Holdings Corporation Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)STKLSunOpta, Inc. Common Stock1986-01
Equity (US)ROSERose Hill Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)ROSEURose Hill Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-10
Equity (US)NGCNorthern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III2021-05
Equity (US)NYMXNymox Pharmaceutical Corporation Common Stock (Bahamas)1997-12
Equity (US)VFFVillage Farms International, Inc. Common Shares2019-02
Equity (US)NYTNew York Times Co.1979-12
Equity (US)STNStantec, Inc.2005-08
Equity (US)OKYOOKYO Pharma Limited American Depositary Shares2022-05
Equity (US)STOKStoke Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)STONStoneMor Inc.2004-09
Equity (US)STORSTORE Capital Corporation2014-11
Equity (US)FTSMFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF2014-08
Equity (US)FTXHFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF2016-09
Equity (US)FUNCFirst United Corporation Common Stock1992-09
Equity (US)FUNDSprott Focus Trust, Inc. Common Stock1988-06
Equity (US)ITWIllinois Tool Works Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)JOFFJOFF Fintech Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)VETVERMILION ENERGY INC.2010-09
Equity (US)STRYStarry Group Holdings, Inc.2020-11
Equity (US)MDIAMediaco Holding Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-01
Equity (US)STSSSharps Technology Inc. Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)FBZFirst Trust Brazil AlphaDEX Fund2011-04
Equity (US)STTKShattuck Labs, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)ACACUAcri Capital Acquisition Corporation Unit2022-06
Equity (US)FUSBFirst US Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)FVFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Dorsey Wright Focus 5 ETF2014-03
Equity (US)FVCFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Dorsey Wright Dynamic Focus 5 ETF2016-03
Equity (US)FVCBFVCBankcorp, Inc. Common Stock2015-05
Equity (US)CTVACorteva, Inc. Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)DOCNDigitalOcean Holdings, Inc.2021-03
Equity (US)AGNCMAGNC Investment Corp. Depositary Shares rep 6.875% Series D Fixed-to-Floating Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2019-03
Equity (US)OLMAOlema Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)OMABGrupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. ADS2006-11
Equity (US)ONDSOndas Holdings Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)ASTCAstrotech Corporation (DE) Common Stock1995-12
Equity (US)VERYVericity, Inc. Common Stock2019-08
Equity (US)BBLGBone Biologics Corp Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)SVFASVF Investment Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-01
Equity (US)SVFDSave Foods, Inc. Common Stock2010-11
Equity (US)BKEThe Buckle, Inc.1992-05
Equity (US)BSQRBSQUARE Corporation Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)SMSISmith Micro Software, Inc. Common Stock1995-09
Equity (US)SPNSSapiens International Corporation N.V. Common Shares (Cayman Islands)1998-03
Equity (US)VERXVertex, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)SVNAU7 Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-11
Equity (US)SPKARSPK Acquisition Corp. Right2021-07
Equity (US)SVRASavara Inc. Common Stock2017-04
Equity (US)VERVVerve Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)VERUVeru Inc. Common Stock1999-02
Equity (US)RSSSResearch Solutions, Inc Common Stock2010-11
Equity (US)RSVRReservoir Media, Inc. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)RTHVanEck Retail ETF2001-05
Equity (US)RTLThe Necessity Retail REIT, Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)VEROVenus Concept Inc. Common Stock2017-10
Equity (US)SKXSkechers U.S.A., Inc.1999-06
Equity (US)SWCHSwitch, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-10
Equity (US)NEANuveen AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund2003-01
Equity (US)BIMIBIMI International Medical Inc. Common Stock2006-10
Equity (US)BYByline Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)FVIVFortress Value Acquisition Corp. IV2021-05
Equity (US)FWACFifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III Class A Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)ORGNOrigin Materials, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)ORGOOrganogenesis Holdings Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-01
Equity (US)INKAUKludeIn I Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)ORRFOrrstown Financial Services Inc - Common Stock1999-05
Equity (US)OSISOSI Systems, Inc. Common Stock (DE)1997-10
Equity (US)CCDCalamos Dynamic Convertible & Income Fund Common Stock2015-03
Equity (US)BAFNBayFirst Financial Corp. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)BAHBooz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation2010-11
Equity (US)FWBIFirst Wave BioPharma, Inc. Common Stock2016-10
Equity (US)VERIVeritone, Inc. Common Stock2017-05
Equity (US)CCELCryo-Cell International, Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)CCNCCode Chain New Continent Limited Common Stock2015-12
Equity (US)VEONVEON Ltd. ADS1996-11
Equity (US)TETETechnology & Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2022-03
Equity (US)VELOUVelocity Acquisition Corp. Units2021-02
Equity (US)HMSTHomeStreet, Inc. Common Stock2012-02
Equity (US)VELOVelocity Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)VELVelocity Financial, Inc.2020-01
Equity (US)SWSSUSpringwater Special Situations Corp. Unit2021-08
Equity (US)SWTStanley Black & Decker, Inc.2019-11
Equity (US)OSTOstin Technology Group Co., Ltd. Ordinary Shares2022-04
Equity (US)AKBAAkebia Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)RUTHRuth's Hospitality Group, Inc. Common Stock2005-08
Equity (US)RVPHReviva Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)ITIIteris, Inc. Common Stock1994-01
Equity (US)RWAYRunway Growth Finance Corp. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)AKICSports Ventures Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)BBSIBarrett Business Services, Inc. Common Stock1993-06
Equity (US)CCNEPCNB Financial Corporation Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of 7.125% Series A Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2020-08
Equity (US)CEIXCONSOL Energy Inc.2017-11
Equity (US)SAICSCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION2013-09
Equity (US)CFFEUCF Acquisition Corp. VIII Unit2021-03
Equity (US)CFFIC&F Financial Corporation Common Stock1998-05
Equity (US)CFOVictoryShares US 500 Enhanced Volatility Wtd ETF2014-07
Equity (US)IMBIiMedia Brands, Inc. Class A Common Stock1991-07
Equity (US)IMMXImmix Biopharma, Inc. Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)PACWPPacWest Bancorp Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1/40th Interest in a Share of 7.75% Fixed Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A2022-06
Equity (US)PAFOUPacifico Acquisition Corp. Units2021-09
Equity (US)INAQInsight Acquisition Corp.2021-10
Equity (US)PAQCProvident Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)SALSalisbury Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1998-08
Equity (US)SANWS&W Seed Company Common Stock (NV)2010-06
Equity (US)SASRSandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)SATSaratoga Investment Corp. 6.00% Notes due 20272022-05
Equity (US)SBCFSeacoast Banking Corporation of Florida Common Stock1984-02
Equity (US)SBETSharpLink Gaming Ltd. Ordinary Shares1997-05
Equity (US)SBNYPSignature Bank Depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of 5.000% Noncumulative Perpetual Series A Preferred Stock2020-12
Equity (US)NUENucor Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)SVRESaverOne 2014 Ltd. American Depositary Shares2022-06
Equity (US)SYPRSypris Solutions, Inc. Common Stock1994-05
Equity (US)SYRSSyros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2016-06
Equity (US)SYTASiyata Mobile, Inc. Common Shares2020-09
Equity (US)REFRResearch Frontiers Incorporated Common Stock1986-07
Equity (US)GAMCUGolden Arrow Merger Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)GAQGeneration Asia I Acquisition Limited2022-03
Equity (US)GASSStealthGas, Inc. Common Stock2005-10
Equity (US)SPTSprout Social, Inc Class A Common Stock2019-12
Equity (US)SPTKUSportsTek Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)ONYXUOnyx Acquisition Co. I Unit2021-11
Equity (US)BAKBraskem S.A. American Depositary Shares (Each representing Two Class A  Preferred Shares)1999-01
Equity (US)BALYBally's Corporation2019-03
Equity (US)SZCThe Cushing NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund2012-09
Equity (US)TETCUTech and Energy Transition Corporation Unit2021-03
Equity (US)SBRASabra Health Care REIT, Inc. Common Stock2002-04
Equity (US)SBSCOMPANHIA DE SANEAMENTO B SICO DO ESTADO DE SAO PAULO-SABESP ADS'S2002-05
Equity (US)TACTransAlta Corporation2001-07
Equity (US)TAITTaitron Components Incorporated Class A Common Stock1995-04
Equity (US)TAKTakeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited American Depositary Shares (each representing 1/2 of a share o2010-01
Equity (US)TALTAL Education Group2010-10
Equity (US)TALKTalkspace, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)TALOTalos Energy, Inc. Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)TANHTantech Holdings Ltd. Common Shares2015-03
Equity (US)TANNITravelCenters of America Inc. 8.25% Senior Notes due 20282013-01
Equity (US)TANNLTravelCenters of America Inc. 8.00% Senior Notes due 20292014-12
Equity (US)TANNZTravelCenters of America Inc. 8.00% Senior Notes due 20302015-10
Equity (US)TAOPTaoping Inc. Ordinary Shares2006-09
Equity (US)CHDNChurchill Downs, Incorporated Common Stock1993-03
Equity (US)CHICalamos Convertible Opportunities and Income Fund Common Stock2002-06
Equity (US)PARAPParamount Global 5.75% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock2021-03
Equity (US)PAYAPaya Holdings Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-01
Equity (US)AXTIAXT Inc Common Stock1998-05
Equity (US)BBYBest Buy Company, Inc.1985-04
Equity (US)CDAKCodiak BioSciences, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)EXLSExlService Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2006-10
Equity (US)JNCEJounce Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2017-01
Equity (US)WNWMeiwu Technology Company Limited Ordinary Shares2020-12
Equity (US)PAXPatria Investments Limited Class A Common Shares2021-01
Equity (US)TBBAT&T Inc. 5.350 Percent Global Notes due 20662017-11
Equity (US)TBBKThe Bancorp Inc Common Stock2004-02
Equity (US)TBCAT&T Inc. 5.625% Global Notes due 20672018-08
Equity (US)TBCPThunder Bridge Capital Partners III Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)EWJEiShares Trust iShares MSCI Japan Equal Weighted ETF2019-03
Equity (US)HCMHUTCHMED (China) Limited American Depositary Shares2016-03
Equity (US)EVTCEVERTEC, INC.2013-04
Equity (US)CDAQUCompass Digital Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)SOPHSOPHiA GENETICS SA Ordinary Shares2021-07
Equity (US)ACRXAcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2011-02
Equity (US)AEYEAudioEye, Inc. Common Stock2013-04
Equity (US)PBRPETROLEO BRASILEIRO S.A.-PETROBRAS ADS (REP 1 COMMON SHARE)2000-08
Equity (US)EVTEaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Dividend Income Fund2003-09
Equity (US)SPOKSpok Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2004-11
Equity (US)VEEETwin Vee PowerCats Co. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)TBPHTheravance Biopharma, Inc. Ordinary Shares2014-05
Equity (US)TETCTech and Energy Transition Corporation Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)TBSATB SA Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Share2021-06
Equity (US)TBSAUTB SA Acquisition Corp Unit2021-03
Equity (US)VEDUVisionary Education Technology Holdings Group Inc. Common Shares2022-05
Equity (US)GCOGenesco Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)GDLThe GDL Fund2007-04
Equity (US)TESSTESSCO Technologies Incorporated Common Stock1994-09
Equity (US)ATOSAtossa Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2012-11
Equity (US)VCTRVictory Capital Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)TERNTerns Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)TCBPTC BioPharm (Holdings) plc American Depositary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)GBIOGeneration Bio Co. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)TCITranscontinental Realty Investors, Inc.1985-03
Equity (US)TERTeradyne, Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)MASS908 Devices Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)PAYPaymentus Holdings, Inc.2021-05
Equity (US)REEDReeds, Inc. Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)WDHWaterdrop Inc. American Depositary Shares (each representing the right to receive 10 Class A Ordinar2021-05
Equity (US)TCMDTactile Systems Technology, Inc. Common Stock2016-07
Equity (US)PBAXUPhoenix Biotech Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)SDSandRidge Energy, Inc.2016-10
Equity (US)SEEDOrigin Agritech Limited Common Stock2004-03
Equity (US)SEELSeelos Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)SEERSeer, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)TCOATrajectory Alpha Acquisition Corp.2022-01
Equity (US)TCOMTrip.com Group Limited American Depositary Shares2003-12
Equity (US)TCONTRACON Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2015-01
Equity (US)TCPCBlackRock TCP Capital Corp. Common Stock2012-04
Equity (US)TCRRTCR2 Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2019-02
Equity (US)TCRTAlaunos Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2005-08
Equity (US)TCRXTScan Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)TCSTHE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC.2013-11
Equity (US)TCVATCV Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)TCXTucows Inc. Class A Common Stock1996-04
Equity (US)TDToronto Dominion Bank1996-08
Equity (US)PBHCPathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock (MD)1995-11
Equity (US)PBTSPowerbridge Technologies Co., Ltd. Ordinary Shares2019-04
Equity (US)CETXCemtrex Inc. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)CFBKCF Bankshares Inc. Common Stock1998-12
Equity (US)PBYIPuma Biotechnology Inc Common Stock2012-04
Equity (US)TENBTenable Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)SFMSprouts Farmers Market, Inc. Common Stock2013-08
Equity (US)SFNCSimmons First National Corporation Class A Common Stock1985-03
Equity (US)SHIPSeanergy Maritime Holdings Corp Common Stock2008-01
Equity (US)SJTSan Juan Basin Royalty Trust UBI1980-10
Equity (US)WDFCWD-40 Company Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)TDCTERADATA CORPORATION2007-10
Equity (US)PCARPACCAR Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)TDCXTDCX Inc. American Depositary Shares, each representing one Class A ordinary share2021-10
Equity (US)TDGTransDigm Group Incorporated2006-03
Equity (US)TDOCTeladoc Health, Inc.2015-06
Equity (US)TDSTelephone and Data Systems Inc.1981-12
Equity (US)PCCTUPerception Capital Corp. II Units2021-10
Equity (US)WDCWestern Digital Corporation Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)VCSHVanguard Short-Term Corporate Bond ETF2009-11
Equity (US)SHLSShoals Technologies Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)SHLXShell Midstream Partners, L.P.2014-10
Equity (US)TDUPThredUp Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)CHSCPCHS Inc. 8%  Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2003-03
Equity (US)TDWTidewater, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)TDYTeledyne Technologies Incorporated1999-11
Equity (US)TEAFEcofin Sustainable and Social Impact Term Fund2019-03
Equity (US)WDAYWorkday, Inc. Class A Common Stock2012-10
Equity (US)VCSAVacasa, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)TENTenneco Inc. Class A Voting Common Stock1994-10
Equity (US)CFFSUCF Acquisition Corp. VII Unit2021-12
Equity (US)CFLTConfluent, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)BULDPacer Funds Pacer BlueStar Engineering the Future ETF2022-05
Equity (US)ALVRAlloVir, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)CHEKCheck-Cap Ltd. Ordinary Share2015-03
Equity (US)PCHPotlatchDeltic Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)PCMPCM Fund, Inc.1993-08
Equity (US)FCFranklin Covey Company1992-06
Equity (US)AEZSAeterna Zentaris Inc. Common Stock2000-05
Equity (US)AFGEAmerican Financial Group, Inc. 4.500% Subordinated Debentures due 20602020-09
Equity (US)QUMUQumu Corporation Common Stock1992-11
Equity (US)AGGRUAgile Growth Corp. Units2021-03
Equity (US)SOXXiShares Semiconductor ETF2001-07
Equity (US)TFFPTFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)SPGIS&P Global Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)TFSATerra Income Fund 6, Inc. 7.00% Notes due 20262021-02
Equity (US)TFXTeleflex Incorporated1980-03
Equity (US)GDNRGardiner Healthcare Acquisitions Corp. Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)GDOWestern Asset Global Corporate Defined Opportunity Fund Inc.2009-11
Equity (US)GDOTGreen Dot Corporation2010-07
Equity (US)GDSTGoldenstone Acquisition Limited Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)GDSTRGoldenstone Acquisition Limited Rights2022-11
Equity (US)SPWRSunPower Corporation Common Stock2005-11
Equity (US)AMAOUAmerican Acquisition Opportunity Inc. Units2021-03
Equity (US)ATTOAtento S.A.2014-10
Equity (US)FCFFirst Commonwealth Financial Corporation1992-06
Equity (US)NCANuveen California Municipal Value Fund1987-10
Equity (US)TELATELA Bio, Inc. Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)TINVTiga Acquisition Corp.2021-01
Equity (US)AMAOAmerican Acquisition Opportunity Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)MROMarathon Oil Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)NCRNCR Corporation1996-12
Equity (US)BSCSInvesco BulletShares 2028 Corporate Bond ETF2018-08
Equity (US)GDSTUGoldenstone Acquisition Limited Units2022-03
Equity (US)GDYNGrid Dynamics Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)GECCMGreat Elm Capital Corp. 6.75% Notes Due 20252020-12
Equity (US)TLSATiziana Life Sciences Ltd. Common Shares2018-11
Equity (US)TLTiShares 20 Year Treasury Bond ETF2002-07
Equity (US)TLYSTilly's Inc.2012-05
Equity (US)TMToyota Motor Corporation American Depositary Shares (Each representing ten Ordinary Shares)1980-03
Equity (US)TMACThe Music Acquisition Corporation2021-03
Equity (US)VCNXVaccinex, Inc. Common Stock2018-08
Equity (US)TMHCTaylor Morrison Home Corporation Common Stock2013-04
Equity (US)TMKRTastemaker Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)GHACUGaming & Hospitality Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)GHCGRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY1979-12
Equity (US)GHIXGores Holdings IX, Inc. Class A Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)PCYOPure Cycle Corporation Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)TNCTENNANT COMPANY1979-12
Equity (US)BSCTInvesco BulletShares 2029 Corporate Bond ETF2019-09
Equity (US)BSCUInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2030 Corporate Bond ETF2020-09
Equity (US)TNGXTango Therapeutics, Inc.2020-09
Equity (US)BSCVInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2031 Corporate Bond ETF2021-09
Equity (US)BAMBrookfield Asset Management Inc1983-12
Equity (US)TNKTeekay Tankers Ltd.2007-12
Equity (US)COGlobal Cord Blood Corporation2007-05
Equity (US)FAFirst Advantage Corporation Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)BBBYBed Bath & Beyond Inc. Common Stock1992-06
Equity (US)SISilvergate Capital Corporation2019-11
Equity (US)SIBNSI-BONE, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)SIDCompanhia Siderurgica Nacional S.A. (CSN)1996-11
Equity (US)SIDUSidus Space, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)VCLTVanguard Long-Term Corporate Bond ETF2009-11
Equity (US)FTVFortive Corporation2016-07
Equity (US)TPLTexas Pacific Land Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)APCXAppTech Payments Corp. Common Stock2013-06
Equity (US)MAQCUMaquia Capital Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-05
Equity (US)WDWalker & Dunlop, Inc.2010-12
Equity (US)MARMarriott International Class A Common Stock1998-03
Equity (US)WBXWallbox N.V.2021-04
Equity (US)TRONUCorner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2 Units2021-06
Equity (US)TROOTROOPS, Inc. Ordinary Shares2008-04
Equity (US)TROWT. Rowe Price Group, Inc. Common Stock1986-04
Equity (US)APEIAmerican Public Education, Inc. Common Stock2007-11
Equity (US)ASRTAssertio Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1997-12
Equity (US)ATCOLAtlas Corp. 7.125% Notes due 20272021-05
Equity (US)VCKAUVickers Vantage Corp. I Unit2021-01
Equity (US)GHSIGuardion Health Sciences, Inc. Common Stock2019-04
Equity (US)GIGETidal ETF Trust SoFi Gig Economy ETF2019-05
Equity (US)EVGRUEvergreen Corporation Unit2022-02
Equity (US)AUBAPAtlantic Union Bankshares Corporation Depositary Shares each representing a 1/400th ownership interest in a share of 6.875% Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A2020-06
Equity (US)AUBNAuburn National Bancorporation, Inc. Common Stock1995-08
Equity (US)TTCToro Company (The)1980-03
Equity (US)TTETotalEnergies SE1991-10
Equity (US)TTECTTEC Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1996-08
Equity (US)TTEKTetra Tech, Inc. Common Stock1991-12
Equity (US)TTGTTechTarget, Inc. Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)TTNPTitan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock1996-01
Equity (US)TTOOT2 Biosystems, Inc. Common Stock2014-08
Equity (US)AUDAudacy, Inc.1999-01
Equity (US)ATCXAtlas Technical Consultants, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-02
Equity (US)EVGOEVgo Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)SKILSkillsoft Corp.2019-07
Equity (US)SKINThe Beauty Health Company Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)TURiShares MSCI Turkey Investable Market Index Fund2008-03
Equity (US)TURN180 Degree Capital Corp. Common Stock1983-03
Equity (US)AUDCAudioCodes Ltd. Common Stock1999-05
Equity (US)EVGEaton Vance Short Duration Diversified Income Fund2005-02
Equity (US)ATECAlphatec Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2006-06
Equity (US)ATEKAthena Technology Acquisition Corp. II2022-01
Equity (US)TXRHTexas Roadhouse, Inc. Common Stock2004-10
Equity (US)TXTTextron, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)TYTRI-Continental Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)TYGTortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp.2004-02
Equity (US)TYLTyler Technologies, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)PDBCInvesco Actively Managed Exch-Traded Commodity Fd Tr Invesco Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy No K-1 ETF2014-11
Equity (US)PDCEPDC Energy, Inc. Common Stock (Delaware)1990-03
Equity (US)AKICUSports Ventures Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)ITCBItau CorpBanca2005-02
Equity (US)EVFMEvofem Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)LAXXU8i Acquisition 2 Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)AKROAkero Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)TEKKUTekkorp Digital Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-10
Equity (US)APYXApyx Medical Corporation Common Stock2019-01
Equity (US)UGICUGI Corporation2021-05
Equity (US)UGPUltrapar Participacoes S.A.1999-10
Equity (US)UIUbiquiti Inc. Common Stock2011-10
Equity (US)UIHCUnited Insurance Holdings Corp. Common Stock2007-11
Equity (US)UISUnisys Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)AUSAusterlitz Acquisition Corporation I2021-04
Equity (US)GIGMGigaMedia Limited Ordinary Shares2000-02
Equity (US)AQNBAlgonquin Power & Utilities Corp. 6.20% Fixed-to-Floating Subordinated Notes Series 2019-A due July2019-05
Equity (US)ARCTArcturus Therapeutics Holdings Inc. Common Stock2013-05
Equity (US)ATNF180 Life Sciences Corp. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)ATNIATN International, Inc. Common Stock1991-11
Equity (US)BSKYUBig Sky Growth Partners, Inc. Unit2021-04
Equity (US)BTUPeabody Energy Corporation2017-04
Equity (US)DAIOData I/O Corporation Common Stock1989-01
Equity (US)TDFTempleton Dragon Fund1994-09
Equity (US)AKTSAkoustis Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)SKTTANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS1993-05
Equity (US)COMSComSovereign Holding Corp. Common Stock2008-08
Equity (US)UONEUrban One, Inc. Class A Common Stock1999-05
Equity (US)UONEKUrban One, Inc. Class D Common Stock2000-06
Equity (US)SLQTSelectQuote, Inc.2020-05
Equity (US)SLRCSLR Investment Corp. Common Stock2010-02
Equity (US)SLRXSalarius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2015-01
Equity (US)SLSSELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc. Common Stock2008-03
Equity (US)DLRDigital Realty Trust, Inc.2004-10
Equity (US)USAPUniversal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc. Common Stock1994-12
Equity (US)USAUU.S. Gold Corp. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)USBU.S. Bancorp1979-12
Equity (US)PCXParsec Capital Acquisitions Corp Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)USBFiShares Trust iShares USD Bond Factor ETF2021-10
Equity (US)USCBUSCB Financial Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)USCTTKB Critical Technologies 1 Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)USCTUTKB Critical Technologies 1 Unit2021-10
Equity (US)USDPUSD PARTNERS LP2014-10
Equity (US)USEAUnited Maritime Corporation Common Stock2022-07
Equity (US)USEGU.S. Energy Corp. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)PDIPIMCO Dynamic Income Fund2012-05
Equity (US)ASRVAmeriServ Financial Inc. Common Stock1985-01
Equity (US)PDMPiedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc.2010-02
Equity (US)PDDPinduoduo Inc. American Depositary Shares2018-07
Equity (US)USLBInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco Russell 1000 Low Beta Equal Weight ETF2015-11
Equity (US)USMUnited States Cellular Corporation1988-05
Equity (US)USMCPrincipal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal U.S. Mega-Cap ETF2017-10
Equity (US)PDFSPDF Solutions, Inc. Common Stock2001-07
Equity (US)USNAUSANA Health Sciences Inc1994-04
Equity (US)ITGartner, Inc.1993-10
Equity (US)USXU.S. Xpress Enterprises, Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)USXFiShares Trust iShares ESG Advanced MSCI USA ETF2020-06
Equity (US)UTAAUTA Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)UTFCohen & Steers  Infrastructure Fund, Inc.2004-03
Equity (US)UTHRUnited Therapeutics Corporation Common Stock1999-06
Equity (US)UTIUniversal Technical Institute, Inc.2003-12
Equity (US)UTLUnitil Corporation1985-03
Equity (US)UTMDUtah Medical Products, Inc. Common Stock1999-03
Equity (US)BXCBlueLinx Holdings Inc.2004-12
Equity (US)GIIIG-III Apparel Group, LTD. Common Stock1989-12
Equity (US)GILTGilat Satellite Networks Ltd. Ordinary Shares1993-03
Equity (US)GIWWUGigInternational1, Inc. Units2021-05
Equity (US)UVSPUnivest Financial Corporation Common Stock1998-04
Equity (US)ASTEAstec Industries, Inc. Common Stock1986-06
Equity (US)ASTLAlgoma Steel Group Inc. Common Shares2021-03
Equity (US)VCITVanguard Intermediate-Term Corporate Bond ETF2009-11
Equity (US)ASURAsure Software, Inc Common Stock1992-04
Equity (US)CFRCullen/Frost Bankers Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)AVAHAveanna Healthcare Holdings Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)AVANAvanti Acquisition Corp.2020-11
Equity (US)AVDAmerican Vanguard Corporation1987-03
Equity (US)VBNKVersaBank Common Shares2021-08
Equity (US)VBOCViscogliosi Brothers Acquisition Corp Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)ASYSAmtech Systems, Inc. Common Stock1983-08
Equity (US)ATHEAlterity Therapeutics Limited American Depositary Shares2003-09
Equity (US)ATHMAutohome Inc. American Depositary Shares, each representing four Class A Ordinary Shares2013-12
Equity (US)ATHXAthersys, Inc. Common Stock2007-06
Equity (US)CRGYCrescent Energy Company2021-12
Equity (US)VBLTVascular Biogenics Ltd. Ordinary Shares2014-10
Equity (US)VCVINVESCO  CALIFORNIA VALUE MUNI INCOME TRUST1993-06
Equity (US)VCXAU10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II Unit2021-08
Equity (US)VCXB10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. III2022-03
Equity (US)ATIAllegheny Technologies1999-11
Equity (US)EURNEURONAV NV2015-01
Equity (US)GKOSGlaukos Corporation2015-06
Equity (US)GLGlobe Life Inc.1980-10
Equity (US)GLADGladstone Capital Corporation Common Stock2002-08
Equity (US)AYAtlantica Sustainable Infrastructure plc Ordinary Shares2014-06
Equity (US)VGIVIRTUS GLOBAL MULTI-SECTOR INCOME FUND2012-02
Equity (US)VGITVanguard Intermediate-Term Treasury ETF2009-11
Equity (US)VGMInvesco  Trust Investment Grade Municipals1992-02
Equity (US)VGRVector Group Ltd.1987-10
Equity (US)BYFCBroadway Financial Corporation Common Stock1996-01
Equity (US)DHBCDHB Capital Corp. Class A common stock2021-04
Equity (US)GLBZGlen Burnie Bancorp Common Stock1999-11
Equity (US)SLVMSylvamo Corporation2021-09
Equity (US)SLVOCredit Suisse X-Links Silver Shares Covered Call ETNs due April 21, 20332013-04
Equity (US)SMBCSouthern Missouri Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)CCOClear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2005-11
Equity (US)VBIVVBI Vaccines, Inc. New Common Stock (Canada)2010-04
Equity (US)VICIVICI Properties Inc. Common Stock2018-01
Equity (US)VICRVicor Corporation Common Stock1990-04
Equity (US)VIEWView, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)BAMRBrookfield Asset Management Reinsurance Partners Ltd. Class A Exchangeable Limited Voting Shares2021-06
Equity (US)BZHBeazer Homes USA, Inc. New1994-02
Equity (US)CAFMORGAN STANLEY CHINA A SHARE FUND, INC2006-09
Equity (US)BIBProShares Trust ProShares Ultra Nasdaq Biotechnology2010-04
Equity (US)VBFCVillage Bank and Trust Financial Corp. Common Stock1996-04
Equity (US)VIRXViracta Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2005-09
Equity (US)VISLVislink Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2012-04
Equity (US)VISTVista Energy S.A.B. de C.V.2019-07
Equity (US)VBBValkyrie ETF Trust II Valkyrie Balance Sheet Opportunities ETF2021-12
Equity (US)VITLVital Farms, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)OPBKOP Bancorp Common Stock2005-08
Equity (US)VIVOMeridian Bioscience Inc. Common Stock1986-07
Equity (US)WHGWESTWOOD HOLDINGS GROUP, INC.2002-06
Equity (US)SMBKSmartFinancial, Inc. Common Stock2003-10
Equity (US)SMCISuper Micro Computer, Inc. Common Stock2007-03
Equity (US)SMCPETF Series Solutions Trust AlphaMark Actively Managed Small Cap ETF2015-04
Equity (US)WHLRWheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. Common Stock2012-11
Equity (US)VJETvoxeljet AG American Depositary Shares2013-10
Equity (US)VKQInvesco Municipal Trust1991-11
Equity (US)VKTXViking Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-04
Equity (US)VLDRVelodyne Lidar, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)VLGEAVillage Super Market, Inc. Class A Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)VLONVallon Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)SKORFlexShares Trust FlexShares Credit-Scored US Corporate Bond Index Fund2014-11
Equity (US)VLRSCONTROLADORA VUELA COMPAniA DE AVIACIoN, S.A.B. DE C.V.2013-09
Equity (US)VLTInvesco  High Income Trust II1989-04
Equity (US)VLTAVolta Inc.2020-11
Equity (US)SKMSK Telecom Co., Ltd. American Depositary Shares (Each representing 5/9th of a Ordinary Share of SK1996-06
Equity (US)TIGTrean Insurance Group, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)NBSTNewbury Street Acquisition Corporation Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)ATLCAtlanticus Holdings Corporation Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)VLYValley National Bancorp Common Stock1990-03
Equity (US)VLYPOValley National Bancorp 5.50% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B2018-10
Equity (US)VLYPPValley National Bancorp 6.25% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A2018-10
Equity (US)VMARVision Marine Technologies Inc. Common Shares2020-11
Equity (US)VMBSVanguard Mortgage-Backed Securities ETF2009-11
Equity (US)VMCVulcan Materials Company(Holding Company)1979-12
Equity (US)VMCAValuence Merger Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares2022-04
Equity (US)VMCAUValuence Merger Corp. I Unit2022-03
Equity (US)VMDViemed Healthcare, Inc. Common Shares2019-08
Equity (US)XGNExagen Inc. Common Stock2019-09
Equity (US)ECATBlackRock ESG Capital Allocation Trust2021-09
Equity (US)GLYCGlycoMimetics, Inc. Common Stock2014-01
Equity (US)GMGeneral Motors Company2010-11
Equity (US)AVCOAvalon GloboCare Corp. Common Stock2016-12
Equity (US)AVCTAmerican Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2017-08
Equity (US)VNDAVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock2006-04
Equity (US)VNETVNET Group, Inc. American Depositary Shares2011-04
Equity (US)AVYAAvaya Holdings Corp. Common Stock2017-12
Equity (US)ATLCPAtlanticus Holdings Corporation 7.625% Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, no par value per share2021-06
Equity (US)AYIAcuity Brands, Inc.2001-12
Equity (US)VNOVornado Realty Trust1980-03
Equity (US)DKSDick's Sporting Goods, Inc.2002-10
Equity (US)ADVMAdverum Biotechnologies, Inc. Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)SMFGSumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc2006-01
Equity (US)SMFLSmart for Life, Inc. Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)SMFRSema4 Holdings Corp. Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)PEYInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco High Yield Equity Dividend Achievers ETF2004-12
Equity (US)PEZInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco DWA Consumer Cyclicals Momentum ETF2006-10
Equity (US)VOCVOC ENERGY TRUST2011-05
Equity (US)VODVodafone Group Plc American Depositary Shares1988-11
Equity (US)WNSWNS Holdings Limited2006-07
Equity (US)CERTCertara, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)SMGThe Scotts Miracle-Gro Company1992-01
Equity (US)SMHVanEck Semiconductor ETF2000-06
Equity (US)VPCBVPC Impact Acquisition Holdings II Class A ordinary shre2021-05
Equity (US)VPCBUVPC Impact Acquisition Holdings II Unit2021-03
Equity (US)AXTAAxalta Coating Systems Ltd.2014-11
Equity (US)VPGVishay Precision Group, Inc.2010-06
Equity (US)VPNGlobal X Funds Global X Data Center REITs & Digital Infrastructure ETF2020-10
Equity (US)AZA2Z Smart Technologies Corp. Common Shares2021-01
Equity (US)WMTWalmart Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)BGRBlackrock Energy and Resources Trust2004-12
Equity (US)BYNDBeyond Meat, Inc. Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)VPVInvesco  Pennsylvania Value Municipal Income Trust1993-06
Equity (US)VQSVIQ Solutions Inc. Common Shares2012-09
Equity (US)VRGlobal X Funds Global X Metaverse ETF2022-04
Equity (US)VRAVera Bradley, Inc. Common Stock2010-10
Equity (US)SMHISEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)SMIDSmith-Midland Corporation Common Stock1995-12
Equity (US)SMITSchmitt Industries, Inc. Common Stock1994-05
Equity (US)SMLRSemler Scientific, Inc. Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)SMMSalient Midstream & MLP Fund2012-05
Equity (US)ISUNiSun, Inc. Common Stock2016-04
Equity (US)VRCAVerrica Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)VRDNViridian Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-06
Equity (US)VREXVarex Imaging Corporation Common Stock2017-01
Equity (US)VRIGInvesco Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco Variable Rate Investment Grade ETF2016-09
Equity (US)VRMVroom, Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)AKUSAkouos, Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)ALCOAlico, Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)SMMFSummit Financial Group, Inc. Common Stock2000-01
Equity (US)SMMTSummit Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2015-03
Equity (US)SMPStandard Motor Products1980-03
Equity (US)FIVEFive Below, Inc. Common Stock2012-07
Equity (US)VRSKVerisk Analytics, Inc. Common Stock2009-10
Equity (US)VRTXVertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Common Stock1991-07
Equity (US)AROCArchrock Inc2007-08
Equity (US)PFTAUPortage Fintech Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-07
Equity (US)VSACUVision Sensing Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)VSHVishay Intertechnology, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)VSMVVictory Portfolios II VictoryShares US Multi-Factor Minimum Volatility ETF2017-06
Equity (US)SSAAScience Strategic Acquisition Corp. Alpha Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)MCBCMacatawa Bank Corporation Common Stock1998-05
Equity (US)SSBISummit State Bank Common Stock2006-07
Equity (US)AZPNAspen Technology, Inc. Common Stock1994-10
Equity (US)UNMUnum Group1986-11
Equity (US)AZREAzure Power Global Limited2016-10
Equity (US)AZULAzul S.A. American Depositary Shares (each representing three preferred shares)2017-04
Equity (US)FGIFGI Industries Ltd. Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)VSTAVasta Platform Limited Class A Ordinary Shares2020-07
Equity (US)AEIAlset EHome International Inc. Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)VSTMVerastem, Inc. Common Stock2012-01
Equity (US)VSTOVista Outdoor Inc.2015-02
Equity (US)AUAngloGold Ashanti Limited1998-08
Equity (US)VTCVanguard Scottsdale Funds Vanguard Total Corporate Bond ETF2017-11
Equity (US)ERIIEnergy Recovery, Inc. Common Stock2008-07
Equity (US)BCBPBCB Bancorp, Inc. (NJ) Common Stock2003-10
Equity (US)EQTEQT CORP1980-03
Equity (US)REEREE Automotive Ltd. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-01
Equity (US)PEOAdams Natural Resources Fund, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)EQRXEQRx, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)LYVLive Nation Entertainment Inc.2005-12
Equity (US)AURCAurora Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)VTEXVTEX2021-07
Equity (US)VTGNVistaGen Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2011-06
Equity (US)VVVValvoline Inc.2016-09
Equity (US)EROEro Copper Corp.2017-10
Equity (US)GNMAiShares GNMA Bond ETF2012-02
Equity (US)GNOMGlobal X Funds Global X Genomics & Biotechnology ETF2019-04
Equity (US)GNTGAMCO Natural Resources, Gold & Income Trust2011-01
Equity (US)GNTAGenenta Science S.p.A. American Depositary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)GOEVCanoo Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-04
Equity (US)GOGOGogo Inc. Common Stock2013-06
Equity (US)GOODNGladstone Commercial Corporation 6.625% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2019-09
Equity (US)AUVIApplied UV, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)AUVIPApplied UV, Inc. 10.5% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share2021-07
Equity (US)ANZUUAnzu Special Acquisition Corp I Units2021-03
Equity (US)BSGABlue Safari Group Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-07
Equity (US)CCBGCapital City Bank Group Common Stock1994-06
Equity (US)CDZICADIZ, Inc. Common Stock1989-01
Equity (US)XFORX4 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)GOODOGladstone Commercial Corporation 6.00% Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share2021-06
Equity (US)CLSCelestica, Inc.1998-06
Equity (US)TEKKTekkorp Digital Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2020-12
Equity (US)GIPRGeneration Income Properties Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)GLPIGaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. Common Stock2013-10
Equity (US)VXUSVanguard STAR Funds Vanguard Total International Stock ETF2011-01
Equity (US)VYGGVy Global Growth2020-11
Equity (US)VYGRVoyager Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-11
Equity (US)VYMIVanguard Whitehall Funds Vanguard International High Dividend Yield ETF2016-03
Equity (US)VYNEVYNE Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2018-01
Equity (US)VYNTVyant Bio, Inc. Common Stock2013-04
Equity (US)GLSIGreenwich LifeSciences, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)VZVerizon Communications1983-11
Equity (US)ISDPGIM High Yield Bond Fund, Inc.2012-04
Equity (US)GPACUGlobal Partner Acquisition Corp II Unit2021-01
Equity (US)PETZTDH Holdings, Inc. Common Shares2017-09
Equity (US)SNGXSoligenix, Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)SNOASonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2007-01
Equity (US)NJRNew Jersey Resources Corp1980-03
Equity (US)NKGNuveen Georgia Quality Municipal Income Fund2002-09
Equity (US)NKLANikola Corporation Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)WAVEEco Wave Power Global AB (publ) American Depositary Shares2021-07
Equity (US)WBDWarner Bros. Discovery, Inc. Series A Common Stock2005-07
Equity (US)NEMNewmont Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)NVTSNavitas Semiconductor Corporation Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)WHLMWilhelmina International, Inc. Common Stock1996-07
Equity (US)NATNordic American Tanker1997-09
Equity (US)GLUEMonte Rosa Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)WEBRWeber Inc.2021-08
Equity (US)WECWEC Energy Group, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)GLWCorning Incorporated1981-12
Equity (US)GNPXGenprex, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)GPJAGeorgia Power Company Series 2017A 5.00 Percent Junior Subordinated Notes due October 1, 20772018-11
Equity (US)HSTOHistogen Inc. Common Stock2013-07
Equity (US)SNOWSnowflake Inc.2020-09
Equity (US)SNPOSnap One Holdings Corp. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)NTRSONorthern Trust Corporation Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Series E Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2019-10
Equity (US)GNRCGENERAC HOLDINGS INC2010-02
Equity (US)WENWendy's Company (The) Common Stock1980-05
Equity (US)WEXWEX Inc.2005-02
Equity (US)NUBINubia Brand International Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-05
Equity (US)EQHEquitable Holdings, Inc.2018-05
Equity (US)GNSSGenasys Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)EPHYUEpiphany Technology Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)NUWNuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund2009-02
Equity (US)PLMIUPlum Acquisition Corp. I Units2021-03
Equity (US)NUWENuwellis, Inc. Common Stock2012-02
Equity (US)GPNGlobal Payments, Inc.2001-01
Equity (US)GPPGreen Plains Partners LP Common Units2015-06
Equity (US)NVACNorthView Acquisition Corporation Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)NVACRNorthView Acquisition Corporation Rights2022-11
Equity (US)IRTCiRhythm Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2016-10
Equity (US)VAXXVaxxinity, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)NVAXNovavax, Inc. Common Stock1995-12
Equity (US)WGROWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree U.S. Growth & Momentum Fund2021-06
Equity (US)WHWyndham Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)FTPAUFTAC Parnassus Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)WHDCactus, Inc.2018-02
Equity (US)WHFWhiteHorse Finance, Inc. Common Stock2012-12
Equity (US)NVCNNeovasc Inc. Common Shares2007-02
Equity (US)WHLRLWheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. 7.00% Senior Subordinated Convertible Notes Due 20312022-11
Equity (US)NVCTNuvectis Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)NVECNVE Corporation Common Stock1995-05
Equity (US)NVEENV5 Global, Inc. Common Stock2013-09
Equity (US)NVEINuvei Corporation Subordinate Voting Shares2020-10
Equity (US)NVFYNova Lifestyle, Inc. Common Stock2011-10
Equity (US)GUTGABELLI UTILITY TRUST1999-07
Equity (US)SKLZSkillz Inc.2020-04
Equity (US)APAmpco-Pittsburgh Corp.1979-12
Equity (US)SNSESensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)SNSRGlobal X Funds Global X Internet of Things ETF2016-09
Equity (US)SNTGSentage Holdings Inc. Ordinary Shares2021-07
Equity (US)APAAPA Corporation Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)APACStoneBridge Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2021-09
Equity (US)CYCCCyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2004-03
Equity (US)TEAMAtlassian Corporation Plc Class A Ordinary Shares2015-12
Equity (US)SVNA7 Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)WINTWindtree Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock1995-08
Equity (US)BPBP p.l.c.1979-12
Equity (US)MMCMarsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)RCMTRCM Technologies, Inc. Common Stock1983-09
Equity (US)SNTISenti Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)WIREEncore Wire Corporation Common Stock1992-07
Equity (US)WISAWiSA Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)WISHContextLogic Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)WITWipro Limited2000-10
Equity (US)WIWWestern Asset Inflation-Linked Opportunities & Income Fund2004-02
Equity (US)WIXWix.com Ltd. Ordinary Shares2013-11
Equity (US)WIZEA Series Trust Merlyn.AI Bull-Rider Bear-Fighter ETF2019-10
Equity (US)AELAmerican Equity Investment Life Holding Company2003-12
Equity (US)AEMAgnico Eagle Mines Ltd.1979-12
Equity (US)GPRKGEOPARK LIMITED2010-10
Equity (US)GPROGoPro, Inc. Class A Common Stock2014-06
Equity (US)OBSVObsEva SA Ordinary Shares2017-01
Equity (US)OBTOrange County Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2003-10
Equity (US)PHRPhreesia, Inc.2019-07
Equity (US)OCAXOCA Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)LAZYLazydays Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)VATEINNOVATE Corp.2009-07
Equity (US)VAQCVector Acquisition Corporation II Class A Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)EVGNEvogene Ltd Ordinary Shares2010-10
Equity (US)GRABGrab Holdings Limited Class A Ordinary Shares2020-12
Equity (US)GRCThe Gorman-Rupp Company Common Shares1980-03
Equity (US)GRCLGracell Biotechnologies Inc. American Depositary Shares2021-01
Equity (US)GREELGreenidge Generation Holdings Inc. 8.50% Senior Notes due 20262021-10
Equity (US)GRILMuscle Maker, Inc Common Stock2020-02
Equity (US)BGHBarings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund2012-10
Equity (US)VAPOVapotherm, Inc. Common Stock2018-11
Equity (US)LAZLazard Ltd. Class A2005-05
Equity (US)DLODLocal Limited Class A Common Shares2021-06
Equity (US)WKEYWISeKey International Holding AG American Depositary Shares2019-01
Equity (US)SNXTD SYNNEX Corporation2003-11
Equity (US)SNYSanofi ADS2002-07
Equity (US)SOThe Southern Company1981-12
Equity (US)SOBRSOBR Safe, Inc. Common Stock2009-04
Equity (US)SOFISoFi Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)SOFOSonic Foundry, Inc. Common Stock1998-06
Equity (US)SOGUThe Short De-SPAC ETF2021-05
Equity (US)TSBKTimberland Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1998-01
Equity (US)GROWU.S. Global Investors, Inc. Class A Common Stock1985-04
Equity (US)OCCIOOFS Credit Company, Inc. 6.125% Series C Term Preferred Stock2021-04
Equity (US)OCFCOceanFirst Financial Corp. Common Stock1996-07
Equity (US)OCFCPOceanFirst Financial Corp. Depositary Shares2020-05
Equity (US)OCGOriental Culture Holding LTD Ordinary Shares2020-12
Equity (US)LATGLatAmGrowth SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares2022-03
Equity (US)WPCBWarburg Pincus Capital Corporation I-B2021-04
Equity (US)WPPWPP PLC1987-12
Equity (US)WRACWilliams Rowland Acquisition Corp.2021-09
Equity (US)OCGNOcugen, Inc. Common Stock2014-12
Equity (US)SONDSonder Holdings Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)SONMSonim Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)SONNSonnet BioTherapeutics Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2006-10
Equity (US)SONOSonos, Inc. Common Stock2018-08
Equity (US)BBAIBigBear.ai Holdings, Inc.2021-04
Equity (US)OCNOcwen Financial Corporation1996-09
Equity (US)OCSLOaktree Specialty Lending Corporation Common Stock2008-06
Equity (US)WMWaste Management, Inc.1988-06
Equity (US)WMGWarner Music Group Corp. Class A Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)OCULOcular Therapeutix, Inc. Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)RRyder System, Inc.1980-01
Equity (US)AACIUArmada Acquisition Corp. I Unit2021-08
Equity (US)ADVAdvantage Solutions Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-01
Equity (US)ALYAAlithya Group inc. Class A Subordinate Voting Shares1996-09
Equity (US)WTFCMWintrust Financial Corporation Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D2015-06
Equity (US)WTMAWelsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)WTMAUWelsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)BSACBanco Santander-Chile1994-10
Equity (US)CABACabaletta Bio, Inc. Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)MOVEMovano Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)CCAIUCascadia Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-08
Equity (US)CFFNCapitol Federal Financial, Inc. Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)SONYSony Group Corporation American Depositary Shares (Each Representing One Share of Dollar Validated C1979-12
Equity (US)SOTKSono-Tek Corporation Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)CFFSCF Acquisition Corp. VII Class A Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)INFAInformatica Inc.2021-10
Equity (US)ALJJALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1996-04
Equity (US)OCUPOcuphire Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2005-11
Equity (US)WATWaters Corp1995-11
Equity (US)OCXOncoCyte Corporation Common Stock2015-12
Equity (US)BDXBecton, Dickinson and Co.1979-12
Equity (US)ODFLOld Dominion Freight Line, Inc. Common Stock1991-10
Equity (US)ODPThe ODP Corporation Common Stock1988-06
Equity (US)OECORION ENGINEERED CARBONS S.A.2014-07
Equity (US)ALKAlaska Air Group, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)SPBCSimplify Exchange Traded Funds Simplify U.S. Equity PLUS GBTC ETF2021-05
Equity (US)SPCTrust for Professional Managers CrossingBridge Pre-Merger SPAC ETF2021-09
Equity (US)SPCBSuperCom, Ltd. Ordinary Shares (Israel)2005-02
Equity (US)XHRXenia Hotels & Resorts, Inc.2015-02
Equity (US)DRDDRDGOLD Ltd.1994-05
Equity (US)ALLGAllego N.V.2021-04
Equity (US)ALOTAstroNova, Inc. Common Stock1981-10
Equity (US)PIImpinj, Inc. Common Stock2016-07
Equity (US)PIAIPrime Impact Acquisition I2020-11
Equity (US)PIDInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco International Dividend Achievers ETF2005-09
Equity (US)GRXThe Gabelli Healthcare & Wellness Trust2007-06
Equity (US)ALSNALLISON TRANSMISSION HOLDINGS, INC.2012-03
Equity (US)PBBKPB Bankshares, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)WLFCWillis Lease Finance Corporation Common Stock1996-09
Equity (US)WMKWeis Markets, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)ALTAltimmune, Inc. Common Stock2017-05
Equity (US)ALTOAlto Ingredients, Inc. Common Stock2005-03
Equity (US)BLEUbleuacacia ltd Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)BRWSaba Capital Income & Opportunities Fund1992-03
Equity (US)TCNTricon Residential Inc.2021-09
Equity (US)SPISPI Energy Co., Ltd. Ordinary Shares2016-01
Equity (US)TCHIiShares Trust iShares MSCI China Multisector Tech ETF2022-02
Equity (US)BSJSInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2028 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF2020-09
Equity (US)WRKWestRock Company2015-06
Equity (US)BTOGBit Origin Limited Ordinary Shares2019-08
Equity (US)CMSDCMS Energy Corporation 5.875% Junior Subordinated Notes due 20792019-02
Equity (US)CNTXContext Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)ELDNEledon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2014-09
Equity (US)GTLSChart Industries, Inc.2006-07
Equity (US)GTNGray Television, Inc.2002-08
Equity (US)CNTYCentury Casinos, Inc. Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)COCOThe Vita Coco Company, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)HCMAHCM Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2022-03
Equity (US)HCTIHealthcare Triangle, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)HDSNHudson Technologies, Inc. Common Stock1994-11
Equity (US)CAASChina Automotive Systems, Inc. Common Stock2003-03
Equity (US)ARLAmerican Realty Investors, Inc.1982-04
Equity (US)CVECenovus Energy Inc.2009-11
Equity (US)DEODiageo plc1991-03
Equity (US)WABWabtec Inc.1995-06
Equity (US)DERMJourney Medical Corporation Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)DEXDELAWARE ENHANCED GLOBAL DIVIDEND & INCOME FUND2007-07
Equity (US)HEPHolly Energy Partners, L.P.2004-07
Equity (US)HEPAHepion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)HEPSD-Market Electronic Services & Trading American Depositary Shares2021-07
Equity (US)HEQJOHN HANCOCK HEDGED EQUITY & INCOME FUND2011-05
Equity (US)HGBLHeritage Global Inc. Common Stock1993-03
Equity (US)HLAHHamilton Lane Alliance Holdings I, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)HLIOHelios Technologies, Inc.1997-01
Equity (US)BBDBanco Bradesco S.A. American Depositary Shares (Each representing one Preferred Shares)2002-08
Equity (US)MSBMesabi Trust1979-12
Equity (US)BBHVanEck Biotech ETF1999-11
Equity (US)BBIGVinco Ventures, Inc. Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)ENVENVESTNET, INC.2010-07
Equity (US)IDNIntellicheck, Inc. Common Stock1999-11
Equity (US)PLUSePlus inc. Common Stock1996-11
Equity (US)HLTHCue Health Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)HLXHelix Energy Solutions Group, Inc.1997-07
Equity (US)HMAHeartland Media Acquisition Corp.2022-03
Equity (US)HMCHonda Motor Co., Ltd.1980-03
Equity (US)IDRAIdera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock1996-01
Equity (US)PLWInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco 1-30 Laddered Treasury ETF2007-10
Equity (US)PMGMUPriveterra Acquisition Corp. Units2021-02
Equity (US)HMYHarmony Gold Mining Company Limited1994-05
Equity (US)HOFVHall of Fame Resort & Entertainment Company Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)CORSCorsair Partnering Corporation2021-08
Equity (US)CVTCvent Holding Corp. Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)MCWMister Car Wash, Inc.2021-06
Equity (US)PIXYShiftPixy, Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)NTSTNetSTREIT Corp.2020-08
Equity (US)BITSGlobal X Funds Global X Blockchain & Bitcoin Strategy ETF2021-11
Equity (US)BKHBlack Hills Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)IDTIDT Corporation Class B2001-05
Equity (US)IFGLiShares International Developed Real Estate ETF2007-11
Equity (US)IFSIntercorp Financial Services Inc.2019-07
Equity (US)OMEGOmega Alpha SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares2021-01
Equity (US)XFLTXAI Octagon Floating Rate & Alternative Income Term Trust, Common Shares of Beneficial Interest2017-10
Equity (US)OMEROmeros Corporation Common Stock2009-10
Equity (US)HUDIHuadi International Group Co., Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-01
Equity (US)HURCHurco Companies, Inc. Common Stock1980-08
Equity (US)HURNHuron Consulting Group Inc. Common Stock2004-10
Equity (US)OMEXOdyssey Marine Exploration, Inc. Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)IHGInterContinental Hotels Group Plc2003-04
Equity (US)IMABI-MAB American Depositary Shares2020-01
Equity (US)SRCSPIRIT REALTY CAPITAL, INC.2012-09
Equity (US)IMAQUInternational Media Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-07
Equity (US)PIZInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco DWA Developed Markets Momentum ETF2008-01
Equity (US)IMAXImax Corp1994-06
Equity (US)LXPLXP Industrial Trust1993-10
Equity (US)BBIOBridgeBio Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)BBQBBQ Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1996-10
Equity (US)XFINUExcelFin Acquisition Corp Unit2021-10
Equity (US)BDNBrandywine Realty Trust1986-07
Equity (US)IBBQInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF2021-06
Equity (US)ABGAsbury Automotive Group, Inc.2002-03
Equity (US)COSMCosmos Holdings Inc. Common Stock2010-07
Equity (US)BESTBEST Inc. American Depositary Shares, each representing five (5) Class A Ordinary Shares2017-09
Equity (US)PMVPPMV Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)ASNSActelis Networks, Inc. Common Stock2022-05
Equity (US)VALUValue Line, Inc. Common Stock1983-05
Equity (US)BNGOBionano Genomics, Inc. Common Stock2018-08
Equity (US)BROBrown & Brown, Inc.1981-02
Equity (US)IPAImmunoPrecise Antibodies Ltd. Common Stock2002-01
Equity (US)IPAXUInflection Point Acquisition Corp. Units2021-09
Equity (US)CCKCrown Holdings Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)GSLGlobal Ship Lease, Inc.2008-08
Equity (US)POSTPOST HOLDINGS, INC.2012-01
Equity (US)VACMARRIOTT VACATIONS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION2011-11
Equity (US)BLUBELLUS Health Inc. Common Shares2003-09
Equity (US)DUKBDuke Energy Corporation 5.625% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 20782018-10
Equity (US)DUNEDune Acquisition Corporation Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)IPDNProfessional Diversity Network, Inc. Common Stock2013-03
Equity (US)IPGThe Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)IPIIntrepid Potash, Inc2008-04
Equity (US)INABIN8bio, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)MDXHMDxHealth SA American Depositary Shares2021-11
Equity (US)BFITGlobal X Funds Global X Health & Wellness ETF2016-05
Equity (US)COUPCoupa Software Incorporated Common Stock2016-10
Equity (US)JAMFJamf Holding Corp. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)IQVIQVIA Holdings Inc.2013-05
Equity (US)IRIngersoll Rand Inc. Common Stock2017-05
Equity (US)IRMDiRadimed Corporation Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)GSMGGlory Star New Media Group Holdings Limited Ordinary Share2018-09
Equity (US)ITAQUIndustrial Tech Acquisitions II, Inc. Unit2022-01
Equity (US)INDTINDUS Realty Trust, Inc. (MD) Common Stock1997-06
Equity (US)INODInnodata Inc. Common Stock1993-08
Equity (US)INPXInpixon Common Stock2012-08
Equity (US)MTVCMotive Capital Corp II2022-01
Equity (US)CREGSmart Powerr Corp. Common Stock2004-12
Equity (US)CRESYCresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. American Depositary Shares1997-03
Equity (US)MDXGMiMedx Group, Inc Common Stock2008-02
Equity (US)CREXCreative Realities, Inc. Common Stock2006-11
Equity (US)PFMInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco Dividend Achievers ETF2005-09
Equity (US)PGSSPegasus Digital Mobility Acquisition Corp.2021-12
Equity (US)CSSEChicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-08
Equity (US)PKPark Hotels & Resorts Inc. Common Stock2017-01
Equity (US)AAgilent Technologies Inc.1999-11
Equity (US)TCBXThird Coast Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)ITCIIntra-Cellular Therapies Inc. Common Stock2014-01
Equity (US)ALTRAltair Engineering Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)CFBCrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. Common Stock2019-08
Equity (US)INSEInspired Entertainment, Inc. Common Stock2014-12
Equity (US)BCLIBrainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2003-10
Equity (US)INSPInspire Medical Systems, Inc.2018-05
Equity (US)CSSENChicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc. 9.50% Notes due 20252020-07
Equity (US)CSSEPChicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc. 9.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2018-06
Equity (US)CWENClearway Energy, Inc. Class C Common Stock2015-05
Equity (US)INSTInstructure Holdings, Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)ELFe.l.f. Beauty, Inc.2016-09
Equity (US)INSWInternational Seaways, Inc. Common Stock2016-11
Equity (US)ITQItiquira Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)PNCPNC Financial Services Group1979-12
Equity (US)IVAInventiva S.A. American Depository Shares2020-07
Equity (US)IVACIntevac, Inc. Common Stock1995-11
Equity (US)STEMStem, Inc.2020-10
Equity (US)DALSDA32 Life Science Tech Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)FROFrontline Ltd.2001-08
Equity (US)IVCAInvestcorp India Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2022-06
Equity (US)IVCAUInvestcorp India Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-05
Equity (US)IVCBInvestcorp Europe Acquisition Corp I Class A Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)STERSterling Check Corp. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)STETST Energy Transition I Ltd.2022-01
Equity (US)STEWSRH Total Return Fund, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)STGSunlands Technology Group, American Depositary Shares, American Depositary Shares, every two (2) AD2018-03
Equity (US)LAAALakeshore Acquisition I Corp. Ordinary Shares2021-07
Equity (US)GSRMGSR II Meteora Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)GSRMRGSR II Meteora Acquisition Corp. Right2022-04
Equity (US)IVCPSwiftmerge Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2022-02
Equity (US)LAWCS Disco, Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)IVTInvenTrust Properties Corp.2014-02
Equity (US)PINCPremier, Inc. Class A Common Stock2013-09
Equity (US)PINEAlpine Income Property Trust, Inc2019-11
Equity (US)LLoews Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)VABKVirginia National Bankshares Corporation Common Stock1999-05
Equity (US)SVVCFirsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. Common Stock2011-04
Equity (US)MCRBSeres Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)JACKJack In The Box Inc. Common Stock1992-03
Equity (US)JAQCJupiter Acquisition Corporation Common stock2021-10
Equity (US)DCIDonaldson Company, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)DCOMPDime Community Bancshares, Inc. Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A2020-01
Equity (US)JEMDNuveen Emerging Markets Debt 2022 Target Term Fund, Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, $0.01 par2017-10
Equity (US)MDTMedtronic plc1979-12
Equity (US)UZFUnited States Cellular Corporation 5.500% Senior Notes due 20702021-05
Equity (US)PFXPhenixFIN Corporation Common Stock2011-01
Equity (US)TCBSTexas Community Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)AMKAssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.2019-07
Equity (US)PKWInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco BuyBack Achievers ETF2006-12
Equity (US)PKXPOSCO Holdings Inc. American Depositary Shares (Each representing 1/4th of a share of Common Stock)1994-10
Equity (US)PLPlanet Labs PBC2021-04
Equity (US)HHRHeadHunter Group PLC American Depositary Shares2019-05
Equity (US)TCBKTriCo Bancshares Common Stock1993-04
Equity (US)TCBIOTexas Capital Bancshares, Inc. Depositary Shares 5.75% Fixed Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series B2021-03
Equity (US)XPAXUXPAC Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-07
Equity (US)VZIOVIZIO Holding Corp.2021-03
Equity (US)DCTHDelcath Systems, Inc. Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)AMLXAmylyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)AVYAvery Dennison Corp.1979-12
Equity (US)AMNAMN Healthcare Services2001-11
Equity (US)ITRIItron, Inc. Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)MATVMativ Holdings, Inc.1995-11
Equity (US)NDACNightDragon Acquisition Corp. Class A Common stock2021-04
Equity (US)BYTSUBYTE Acquisition Corp. Units2021-03
Equity (US)PPTPutnam Premier Income Trust1988-02
Equity (US)NETCNabors Energy Transition Corp.2022-01
Equity (US)BFACBattery Future Acquisition Corp.2022-02
Equity (US)CIIBlackrock Enhanced Captial and Income Fund, Inc.2004-05
Equity (US)KWKENNEDY-WILSON HOLDINGS, INC.2007-12
Equity (US)COVAUCOVA Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)JMIAJumia Technologies AG2019-04
Equity (US)JMSBJohn Marshall Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2017-03
Equity (US)DLXDeluxe Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)JOANJOANN, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)JOESt. Joe Company1990-03
Equity (US)PLNTPlanet Fitness, Inc.2015-08
Equity (US)JPTNuveen Preferred and Income Fund2017-01
Equity (US)JRINUVEEN REAL ASSET INCOME AND GROWTH FUND2012-04
Equity (US)JRSHJerash Holdings (US), Inc. Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)JSDNUVEEN SHORT DURATION CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND2011-05
Equity (US)ITRMIterum Therapeutics plc Ordinary Share2018-05
Equity (US)ITRNIturan Location and Control Ltd. Ordinary Shares2005-09
Equity (US)KRNYKearny Financial Corp Common Stock2005-02
Equity (US)BCOW1895 Bancorp of Wisconsin, Inc. (MD) Common Stock2019-01
Equity (US)STNEStoneCo Ltd. Class A Common Shares2018-10
Equity (US)STNGScorpio Tankers Inc.2010-03
Equity (US)MAPSWM Technology, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)AMOTAllied Motion Technologies, Inc.1980-10
Equity (US)SKESkeena Resources Limited2002-02
Equity (US)AMPGAmplitech Group, Inc. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)AMPIAdvanced Merger Partners, Inc.2021-04
Equity (US)PNMPNM Resources, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)WILCG. Willi-Food International,  Ltd. Ordinary Shares1997-05
Equity (US)TCBITexas Capital Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2003-08
Equity (US)PLLPiedmont Lithium Inc. Common Stock2018-01
Equity (US)UZEUnited States Cellular Corporation 5.500% Senior Notes due 20702020-12
Equity (US)ENJEntergy New Orleans, LLC First Mortgage Bonds, 5.0% Series due December 1, 20522012-12
Equity (US)LYBLyondellBasell Industries N.V. Class A2010-04
Equity (US)MCLDmCloud Technologies Corp. Common Shares2018-06
Equity (US)KVHIKVH Industries, Inc. Common Stock1996-04
Equity (US)BGXXBright Green Corporation Common Stock2022-05
Equity (US)JUGGJaws Juggernaut Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share2021-08
Equity (US)KBNTKubient, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)BWABorgWarner Inc.1993-08
Equity (US)KTNStructured Products CorTS Aon Capital A, 8.205% Cert.2003-12
Equity (US)MHIPioneer Municipal High Income Fund, Inc.2003-07
Equity (US)PORTSouthport Acquisition Corporation2022-01
Equity (US)TCBCTC Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)STTState Street Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)ARWArrow Electronics, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)IRSIRSA Inversiones y Representaciones S.A. Global Depositary Shares1994-12
Equity (US)KTFDWS Municipal Income Trust1988-10
Equity (US)IRDMIridium Communications Inc Common Stock2008-03
Equity (US)AMPLAmplitude, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)TCTuanChe Limited American Depositary Shares2018-11
Equity (US)BFAMBRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS INC.2013-01
Equity (US)KBWBInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco KBW Bank ETF2011-11
Equity (US)KBWRInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco KBW Regional Banking ETF2011-11
Equity (US)KBWYInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco KBW Premium Yield Equity REIT ETF2010-12
Equity (US)KINZUKINS Technology Group Inc. Unit2020-12
Equity (US)KNSLKinsale Capital Group, Inc.2016-07
Equity (US)KNTEKinnate Biopharma Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)EBFEnnis, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)BHACCrixus BH3 Acquisition Company Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)BHGBright Health Group, Inc.2021-06
Equity (US)DSGRDistribution Solutions Group, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)PSXPHILLIPS 662012-04
Equity (US)MXLMaxLinear, Inc. Common Stock2010-03
Equity (US)XOMAPXOMA Corporation 8.625% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2020-12
Equity (US)UZDUnited States Cellular Corporation 6.250% Senior Notes due 20692020-08
Equity (US)UXINUxin Limited ADS2018-06
Equity (US)IRBTiRobot Corporation Common Stock2005-11
Equity (US)DVDoubleVerify Holdings, Inc.2021-04
Equity (US)BDJBlackRock Enhanced Equity Dividend Trust2005-08
Equity (US)AMPSAltus Power, Inc.2021-02
Equity (US)TBNKTerritorial Bancorp Inc. Common Stock2009-07
Equity (US)AMPYAmplify Energy Corp.2012-04
Equity (US)TBLTToughBuilt Industries, Inc. Common Stock2018-12
Equity (US)DANDana Incorporated2008-01
Equity (US)AMSTAmesite Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)AMSWAAmerican Software, Inc. Class A Common Stock1983-02
Equity (US)AMTBAmerant Bancorp Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)LANDOGladstone Land Corporation 6.00% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2020-10
Equity (US)LARKLandmark Bancorp Inc. Common Stock1994-03
Equity (US)MYGNMyriad Genetics, Inc. Common Stock1995-10
Equity (US)AMTDAMTD IDEA Group2019-08
Equity (US)MYNBLACKROCK MUNIYIELD NEW YORK QUALITY FUND, INC.1992-03
Equity (US)CDRECadre Holdings, Inc.2021-11
Equity (US)UWMCUWM Holdings Corporation2020-05
Equity (US)APTXAptinyx Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)BDSXBiodesix, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)WMSADVANCED DRAINAGE SYSTEMS, INC.2014-07
Equity (US)BDTXBlack Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-01
Equity (US)BANFPBancFirst Corporation - BFC Capital Trust II Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities2004-03
Equity (US)BANXArrowMark Financial Corp. Common Stock2013-11
Equity (US)EVEREverQuote, Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)UVVUniversal Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)TBLDThornburg Income Builder Opportunities Trust Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)MCKMcKesson Corporation1994-11
Equity (US)TBLATaboola.com Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)AMWDAmerican Woodmark Corporation Common Stock1986-07
Equity (US)TBKCPTriumph Bancorp, Inc. Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/40th Interest in a Share of 7.125% Series C Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2020-06
Equity (US)TAYDTaylor Devices, Inc. Common Stock1980-11
Equity (US)ANABAnaptysBio, Inc. Common Stock2017-01
Equity (US)SPHSuburban Propane Partners L P1996-02
Equity (US)SJWSJW Group Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)AXLAAxcella Health Inc. Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)BIOXBioceres Crop Solutions Corp. Ordinary Shares2018-03
Equity (US)BIPIBIP Bermuda Holdings I Limited 5.125% Perpetual Subordinated Notes2022-01
Equity (US)AXONAxon Enterprise, Inc. Common Stock2001-06
Equity (US)GEFGreif, Inc.1996-02
Equity (US)HAFCHanmi Financial Corporation Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)HAIAHealthcare AI Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)HAIAUHealthcare AI Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)MCIBarings Corporate Investors1980-03
Equity (US)JGGCUJaguar Global Growth Corporation I Unit2022-02
Equity (US)JGHNUVEEN GLOBAL HIGH INCOME FUND2014-11
Equity (US)KBRKBR, Inc.2006-11
Equity (US)JHGJanus Henderson Group plc Ordinary Shares2017-05
Equity (US)JHIJohn Hancock Investors Trust Capital Stock1980-03
Equity (US)IPWRIdeal Power Inc. Common Stock2013-11
Equity (US)BISProShares Trust ProShares UltraShort Nasdaq Biotechnology2010-04
Equity (US)IPKWInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco International BuyBack Achievers ETF2014-02
Equity (US)TELTE CONNECTIVITY LTD2007-06
Equity (US)JHSJohn Hancock Income Securities Trust Capital Stock1980-03
Equity (US)CYNCyngn Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)NFYSEnphys Acquisition Corp.2021-11
Equity (US)ASNDAscendis Pharma A/S American Depositary Shares2015-01
Equity (US)ATHAAthira Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)CENTCentral Garden & Pet Company Common Stock1992-07
Equity (US)CFMSConformis, Inc. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)CVRXCVRx, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)POETPOET Technologies Inc. Common Shares2008-06
Equity (US)FBIOFortress Biotech, Inc. Common Stock2011-11
Equity (US)TENXTenax Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)AVHIUAchari Ventures Holdings Corp. I Unit2021-10
Equity (US)TEOTelecom Argentina S.A.1994-12
Equity (US)AWRAmerican States Water Company1979-12
Equity (US)SJIVSouth Jersey Industries, Inc. Corporate Units2021-03
Equity (US)BHLBBerkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.2000-06
Equity (US)BWENBroadwind, Inc. Common Stock2005-11
Equity (US)CGThe Carlyle Group Inc. Common Stock2012-05
Equity (US)TATTTAT Technologies Ltd. Ordinary Shares1987-03
Equity (US)CIIGCIIG Capital Partners II, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)CIIGUCIIG Capital Partners II, Inc. Unit2021-09
Equity (US)PTOCPine Technology Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)PTOCUPine Technology Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)FCALFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund III First Trust California Municipal High Income ETF2017-06
Equity (US)FDIGFidelity Covington Trust Fidelity Crypto Industry and Digital Payments ETF2022-04
Equity (US)LIILennox International Inc.1999-07
Equity (US)LITBLIGHTINTHEBOX HOLDING CO., LTD.2013-06
Equity (US)KEQUKewaunee Scientific Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)KERNAkerna Corp. Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)IPHAInnate Pharma S.A. ADS2019-10
Equity (US)MCHXMarchex, Inc. Class B Common Stock2004-03
Equity (US)POLAPolar Power, Inc. Common Stock2016-12
Equity (US)MCHPMicrochip Technology Incorporated Common Stock1993-03
Equity (US)QGENQiagen NV1996-06
Equity (US)AVIRAtea Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)BOLTBolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)BREZBreeze Holdings Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)BDXBBecton, Dickinson and Company Depositary Shares, each Representing a 1/20th Interest in a Share of 62020-05
Equity (US)BEEMBeam Global Common Stock2010-05
Equity (US)LOCOEl Pollo Loco Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)LOPEGrand Canyon Education, Inc. Common Stock2008-11
Equity (US)LOTZCarLotz, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)ANETArista Networks2014-06
Equity (US)CDNSCadence Design Systems, Inc. Common Stock1987-06
Equity (US)DHDefinitive Healthcare Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)EDBLEdible Garden AG Incorporated Common Stock2022-05
Equity (US)EDNCUEndurance Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-09
Equity (US)EPCEdgewell Personal Care Company2000-03
Equity (US)CIFRCipher Mining Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)LPROOpen Lending Corporation Class A Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)CIGCompanhia Energetica De Minas Gerais-CEMIG1996-11
Equity (US)CINFCincinnati Financial Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)CLSKCleanSpark, Inc. Common Stock2016-11
Equity (US)IPGPIPG Photonics Corporation Common Stock2006-12
Equity (US)KEYKeyCorp1987-11
Equity (US)KINDNextdoor Holdings, Inc.2021-11
Equity (US)KINSKingstone Companies, Inc. Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)KINZKINS Technology Group Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)KKRSKKR Group Finance Co. IX LLC 4.625% Subordinated Notes due 20612021-04
Equity (US)KMFKayne Anderson NextGen Energy & Infrastructure, Inc.2010-11
Equity (US)LSTRLandstar System, Inc. Common Stock1993-03
Equity (US)LSXMALiberty Media Corporation Series A Liberty SiriusXM Common Stock2016-04
Equity (US)LSXMBLiberty Media Corporation Series B Liberty SiriusXM Common Stock2016-04
Equity (US)BEKEKE Holdings Inc. American Depositary Shares (each representing three Class A Ordinary Shares)2020-08
Equity (US)BELFABel Fuse Inc. Class A Common Stock1983-12
Equity (US)BENEBenessere Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)BENEUBenessere Capital Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)BKBank of New York Mellon Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)KMIKinder Morgan, Inc.2011-02
Equity (US)BCSBarclays PLC1986-09
Equity (US)BCSABlockchain Coinvestors Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)ENLVEnlivex Therapeutics Ltd. Ordinary Shares2014-07
Equity (US)BCSAUBlockchain Coinvestors Acquisition Corp. I Unit2021-11
Equity (US)TASKTaskUs, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)BCSFBain Capital Specialty Finance, Inc.2018-11
Equity (US)AVIDAvid Technology, Inc. Common Stock1993-03
Equity (US)COMMCommScope Holding Company, Inc. Common Stock2013-10
Equity (US)CORTCorcept Therapeutics Incorporated Common Stock2004-04
Equity (US)XFINExcelFin Acquisition Corp Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)LTBRLightbridge Corporation Common Stock2005-01
Equity (US)LTCHLatch, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)BFZBLACKROCK CA MUNICIPAL INC TR2001-07
Equity (US)KMPBKemper Corporation 5.875% Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due 20622022-03
Equity (US)KMPHKemPharm, Inc. Common Stock2015-04
Equity (US)FRXBForest Road Acquisition Corp. II2021-05
Equity (US)BEPIBrookfield BRP Holdings (Canada) Inc. 4.875% Perpetual Subordinated Notes2021-12
Equity (US)GLGTD Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2013-08
Equity (US)KMPRKemper Corporation1990-04
Equity (US)LTHLife Time Group Holdings, Inc.2021-10
Equity (US)LTHMLivent Corporation2018-10
Equity (US)LTRNLantern Pharma Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)LTRPALiberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. Series A Common Stock2014-08
Equity (US)LTRPBLiberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. Series B Common Stock2014-08
Equity (US)NAACNorth Atlantic Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share2021-03
Equity (US)LUMNLumen Technologies, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)DCBODocebo Inc. Common Shares2020-12
Equity (US)KMTKennametal Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)GUGGuggenheim Active Allocation Fund2021-11
Equity (US)XPDBPower & Digital Infrastructure Acquisition II Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)BCTXBriaCell Therapeutics Corp. Common Shares2012-03
Equity (US)IVZInvesco LTD1995-08
Equity (US)TAPMolson Coors Beverage Company Class B1979-12
Equity (US)WINVWinVest Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)DECAUDenali Capital Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-04
Equity (US)FNVTFinnovate Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)FNVTUFinnovate Acquisition Corp. Units2021-11
Equity (US)NAPAThe Duckhorn Portfolio, Inc.2021-03
Equity (US)NAUTNautilus Biotechnolgy, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)BFSTBusiness First Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2018-04
Equity (US)NAZNuveen Arizona Quality Municipal Income Fund1992-11
Equity (US)NBXGNeuberger Berman Next Generation Connectivity Fund Inc.2021-05
Equity (US)NCNACCO Industries, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)CLHClean Harbors, Inc1987-11
Equity (US)FNWBFirst Northwest Bancorp Common Stock2015-01
Equity (US)WINVRWinVest Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)KOPKoppers Holdings, Inc.2006-02
Equity (US)KOPNKopin Corporation Common Stock1992-04
Equity (US)DKDCUData Knights Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-05
Equity (US)EEXEmerald Holding, Inc.2017-04
Equity (US)KOREKORE Group Holdings, Inc.2020-12
Equity (US)KRTXKaruna Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)KRYSKrystal Biotech, Inc. Common Stock2017-09
Equity (US)TALSTalaris Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)MCAEMountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)MCAEUMountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III Unit2021-05
Equity (US)MCAFMountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)MCAGMountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)MTEMMolecular Templates, Inc. Common Stock2005-02
Equity (US)MCBMetropolitan Bank Holding Corp. Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share2017-11
Equity (US)RPDRapid7, Inc. Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)CENNCenntro Electric Group Limited Ordinary Shares2012-09
Equity (US)DAXGlobal X Funds Global X DAX Germany ETF2014-10
Equity (US)WMPNWilliam Penn Bancorporation Common Stock2008-04
Equity (US)CSFVictoryShares US Discovery Enhanced Volatility Wtd ETF2014-08
Equity (US)EFCEllington Financial Inc. Common Stock2010-10
Equity (US)EMKREMCORE Corporation Common Stock1997-03
Equity (US)CSTMConstellium SE Class A Ordinary shares2013-05
Equity (US)DOCUDocuSign, Inc. Common Stock2018-04
Equity (US)NCACNewcourt Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Share2021-12
Equity (US)MCRIMonarch Casino & Resort, Inc. Common Stock1993-08
Equity (US)MDCM.D.C. Holdings, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)METAMeta Platforms, Inc. Class A Common Stock (formly Facebook Inc.)2012-05
Equity (US)NCACUNewcourt Acquisition Corp Unit2021-10
Equity (US)NETIEneti Inc.2013-12
Equity (US)DKLDELEK LOGISTICS PARTNERS, LP2012-11
Equity (US)NEWTZNewtek Business Services Corp. 5.50% Notes Due 20262021-01
Equity (US)NEXNexTier Oilfield Solutions Inc.2017-01
Equity (US)NEXTNextDecade Corporation Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)NFJVirtus Dividend, Interest & Premium Strategy Fund2005-03
Equity (US)KAIKadant Inc.1992-11
Equity (US)FULH.B. Fuller Company1979-12
Equity (US)SZZLUSizzle Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)DMLPDorchester Minerals, L.P. Common Units Representing Limited Partnership Interests2003-02
Equity (US)CTRACoterra Energy Inc.1990-02
Equity (US)CTRNCiti Trends, Inc. Common Stock2005-05
Equity (US)CMAComerica Incorporated1980-03
Equity (US)BKNBlackRock Investment Quality Municipal Trust1993-02
Equity (US)NGLNGL ENERGY PARTNERS LP2011-05
Equity (US)NGMNGM Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2019-04
Equity (US)NGSNatural Gas Services Group, Inc.2002-10
Equity (US)NHICUNewHold Investment Corp. II Unit2021-10
Equity (US)NHTCNatural Health Trends Corp. Common Stock1995-06
Equity (US)DNAGinkgo Bioworks Holdings, Inc.2021-04
Equity (US)QRHCQuest Resource Holding Corporation Common Stock2010-01
Equity (US)ECOWPacer Funds Pacer Emerging Markets Cash Cows 100 ETF2019-05
Equity (US)ANFAbercrombie & Fitch Co.1996-09
Equity (US)SZZLSizzle Acquisition Corp. Common stock2022-02
Equity (US)ANGNAngion Biomedica Corp. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)ANNXAnnexon, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)BGNEBeiGene, Ltd. American Depositary Shares2016-02
Equity (US)BGRNiShares Trust iShares USD Green Bond ETF2018-11
Equity (US)BGRYBerkshire Grey, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)BGSFBGSF, Inc.2014-04
Equity (US)ASCAUA SPAC I Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-02
Equity (US)CTVInnovid Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)TPBTurning Point Brands, Inc.2016-05
Equity (US)TPBATPB Acquisition Corporation I Class A Ordinary Share2021-11
Equity (US)TPBAUTPB Acquisition Corporation I Unit2021-08
Equity (US)CTXSCitrix Systems, Inc. Common Stock1995-12
Equity (US)CUBBCustomers Bancorp, Inc. 5.375% Subordinated Notes Due 20342019-12
Equity (US)GPIGroup 1 Automotive, Inc.1997-10
Equity (US)NKXNuveen California AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund2003-01
Equity (US)MGTAMagenta Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)MGYMagnolia Oil & Gas Corporation Class A Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)MHDBlackrock Muniholdings Fund, Inc.1997-05
Equity (US)MICSThe Singing Machine Company, Inc. Common Stock1994-11
Equity (US)MICTMICT, Inc. Common Stock2012-10
Equity (US)MIDDMiddleby Corporation (The) Common Stock1987-08
Equity (US)NLITNorthern Lights Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)QTECFirst Trust NASDAQ-100-Technology Sector Index Fund2006-05
Equity (US)SCXThe L.S. Starrett Company1979-12
Equity (US)ASCBUA SPAC II Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-05
Equity (US)ORANOrange1997-10
Equity (US)SVFAUSVF Investment Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)SVFBSVF Investment Corp. 2 Class A Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)CCTSCactus Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited Class A Ordinary Share2022-01
Equity (US)UVEUNIVERSAL INSURANCE HLDG, INC.2003-06
Equity (US)XOMAOXOMA Corporation Depositary Shares Rep Series B 8.375% Cumulative Preferred Stock2021-04
Equity (US)FIBKFirst Interstate BancSystem, Inc. Class A Common Stock2010-03
Equity (US)BLDTopBuild Corp. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)THOThor Industries, Inc.1984-01
Equity (US)LGVCULAMF Global Ventures Corp. I Unit2021-11
Equity (US)MIOPioneer Municipal High Income Opportunities Fund, Inc.2021-08
Equity (US)MISTMilestone Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Shares2019-05
Equity (US)MLCOMelco Resorts & Entertainment Limited American Depositary Shares2006-12
Equity (US)FMNFederated Hermes Premier Municipal Income Fund2002-12
Equity (US)LILi Auto Inc. American Depositary Shares2020-07
Equity (US)LLLJX Luxventure Limited Common Stock2013-03
Equity (US)LMATLeMaitre Vascular, Inc. Common Stock2006-10
Equity (US)LOMALoma Negra Compania Industrial Argentina Sociedad Anonima American Depositary Shares (ADSs), each re2017-11
Equity (US)ANPCAnPac Bio-Medical Science Co., Ltd. American Depositary Shares2020-01
Equity (US)ANSSANSYS, Inc. Common Stock1996-06
Equity (US)SYNHSyneos Health, Inc. Class A Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)PNACRPrime Number Acquisition I Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)AQNAAlgonquin Power & Utilities Corp. 6.875% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Series 2018-A due2018-10
Equity (US)NLITUNorthern Lights Acquisition Corp. Units2021-06
Equity (US)SOSSOS Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing five hundred (500) Class A Ordinary Shares2017-04
Equity (US)NLOKNortonLifeLock Inc. Common Stock1989-06
Equity (US)AVEOAVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2010-03
Equity (US)RADARADA Electronic Industries Ltd. Ordinary Shares1985-06
Equity (US)BLDPBallard Power Systems, Inc. Common Shares1995-11
Equity (US)RAMMUAries I Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-05
Equity (US)RLIRLI Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)AXAxos Financial, Inc. Common Stock2005-03
Equity (US)GIIXUGores Holdings VIII, Inc. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)LOVSpark Networks SE American Depositary Shares2006-02
Equity (US)LOVEThe Lovesac Company Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)LOWLowe's Companies Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)LPCNLipocine Inc. Common Stock2013-10
Equity (US)PSCUInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Utilities & Communication Services ETF2010-04
Equity (US)MMDMainStay MacKay DefinedTerm Municipal Opportunities Fund2012-08
Equity (US)MMIMARCUS & MILLICHAP2013-10
Equity (US)PSECProspect Capital Corporation Common Stock2004-07
Equity (US)BHPBHP Group Limited American Depositary Shares (Each representing two Ordinary Shares)1980-03
Equity (US)BHRBraemar Hotels & Resorts Inc. Common Stock2013-11
Equity (US)BIGCBigCommerce Holdings, Inc. Series 1 Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)TRMBTrimble Inc. Common Stock1990-07
Equity (US)TRNOTerreno Realty Corporation2010-02
Equity (US)TRNSTranscat, Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)TRONCorner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2 Class A Ordinary Share2021-08
Equity (US)XPELXPEL, Inc. Common Stock2019-07
Equity (US)LRCXLam Research Corporation Common Stock1984-05
Equity (US)BBNBlackRock Taxable Municipal Bond Trust2010-08
Equity (US)EPDEnterprise Products Partners L.P.1998-07
Equity (US)EPRTEssential Properties Realty Trust, Inc.2018-06
Equity (US)ANTXAN2 Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)SYNASynaptics Incorporated Common Stock $0.001 Par Value2002-01
Equity (US)NMAINuveen Multi-Asset Income Fund2021-11
Equity (US)NMMCNorth Mountain Merger Corp. Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)MCGMembership Collective Group Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)PSFCOHEN & STEERS SELECT PREFERRED AND INCOME FUND2010-11
Equity (US)NNOXNANO-X IMAGING LTD Ordinary Shares2020-08
Equity (US)NOANorth American Construction Group Ltd.2006-11
Equity (US)AODabrdn Total Dynamic Dividend Fund2007-04
Equity (US)BLKBlackrock, Inc.1999-10
Equity (US)AOGOArogo Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)APACUStoneBridge Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-07
Equity (US)APGAPi Group Corporation2020-04
Equity (US)OXSQOxford Square Capital Corp. Common Stock2003-11
Equity (US)MNSBMainStreet Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2005-09
Equity (US)APWCAsia Pacific Wire & Cable Corporation, Ltd. Ordinary Shares (Bermuda)2003-07
Equity (US)AXNXAxonics, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)DECKDeckers Outdoor Corp1993-10
Equity (US)TSATTelesat Corporation Class A Common Shares and Class B Variable Voting Shares2005-07
Equity (US)DENDenbury Inc.2020-09
Equity (US)ENSEnerSys, Inc.2004-08
Equity (US)BXMTBlackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. (NEW)1980-12
Equity (US)ONTOOnto Innovation Inc.2019-10
Equity (US)ONTXOnconova Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2013-07
Equity (US)OSPNOneSpan Inc. Common Stock1998-05
Equity (US)BIORBiora Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)BIOSBioPlus Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)TSCOTractor Supply Company Common Stock1994-02
Equity (US)BIOSUBioPlus Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)BKNGBooking Holdings Inc. Common Stock1999-03
Equity (US)ECEcopetrol S.A2008-09
Equity (US)TECHBio-Techne Corp Common Stock1989-02
Equity (US)TECKTeck Resources Limited2002-07
Equity (US)EEExcelerate Energy, Inc.2022-04
Equity (US)TECTPTectonic Financial, Inc. 9.00% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2019-05
Equity (US)LSPRLarkspur Health Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)LSPRULarkspur Health Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)ESACUESGEN Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-10
Equity (US)ESCAEscalade, Incorporated Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)UTZUtz Brands, Inc.2018-11
Equity (US)MBTCRNocturne Acquisition Corporation Right2022-11
Equity (US)CIGIColliers International Group Inc. Subordinate Voting Shares1995-01
Equity (US)UTSIUTStarcom Holdings Corp. Ordinary Shares2000-03
Equity (US)UTRSMinerva Surgical, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)PDEXPro-Dex, Inc. Common Stock1986-08
Equity (US)TEDUTarena International, Inc. American Depositary Shares2014-04
Equity (US)TEFTelefonica, S.A.1987-06
Equity (US)THMOThermoGenesis Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1987-06
Equity (US)BIOTUBiotech Acquisition Company Unit2021-01
Equity (US)BIRDAllbirds, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)FCVTFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF2015-11
Equity (US)CHAACatcha Investment Corp2021-04
Equity (US)BITEBite Acquisition Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)INZYInozyme Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)UTAAUUTA Acquisition Corporation Units2021-12
Equity (US)DOMADoma Holdings, Inc.2021-01
Equity (US)DREDuke Realty Corp.1993-09
Equity (US)DRTSAlpha Tau Medical Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)DRVNDriven Brands Holdings Inc. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)DSAQDirect Selling Acquisition Corp.2021-11
Equity (US)DSMBNY Mellon Strategic Municipal Bond Fund, Inc.1989-11
Equity (US)ARISAris Water Solutions, Inc.2021-10
Equity (US)ARIZArisz Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)ASLEAerSale Corporation Common Stock2019-02
Equity (US)BBCPConcrete Pumping Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2017-08
Equity (US)USWSU.S. Well Services, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-05
Equity (US)CNDAConcord Acquisition Corp II2021-10
Equity (US)DSPViant Technology Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)DZSIDZS Inc. Common Stock2003-11
Equity (US)HPQHP Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)DVADaVita Inc.1995-10
Equity (US)GILGildan Activewear Inc.1998-06
Equity (US)MRNSMarinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)LZLegalZoom.com, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)LZBLa-Z-Boy Incorporated1979-12
Equity (US)MBCNMiddlefield Banc Corp. Common Stock2003-02
Equity (US)MBOTMicrobot Medical Inc. Common Stock1992-03
Equity (US)MCAAUMountain & Co. I Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)MCACUMonterey Capital Acquisition Corporation Unit2022-05
Equity (US)EACEdify Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)MCHIiShares MSCI China ETF2011-03
Equity (US)JAZZJazz Pharmaceuticals plc Common Stock (Ireland)2007-06
Equity (US)ECORelectroCore, Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)MSTRMicroStrategy Incorporated Common Stock Class A1998-06
Equity (US)MTBM&T Bank Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)MTDMettler-Toledo International1997-11
Equity (US)MTEKMaris-Tech Ltd. Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)MTZMasTec, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)MUABlackrock Muni Assets Fund, Inc.1993-07
Equity (US)NARIInari Medical, Inc. Common Stock2020-05
Equity (US)NATHNathan's Famous, Inc. Common Stock1993-02
Equity (US)NAVINavient Corporation Common Stock2014-04
Equity (US)NBNNortheast Bank Common Stock1987-08
Equity (US)INVOINVO BioScience, Inc. Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)BGBunge Limited2001-08
Equity (US)CSLCarlisle Companies, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)LSAKLesaka Technologies, Inc. Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)OLOOlo Inc.2021-03
Equity (US)OXSQGOxford Square Capital Corp. 5.50% Notes due 20282021-05
Equity (US)BRTBRT Apartments Corp1979-12
Equity (US)OXSQLOxford Square Capital Corp. 6.50% Notes due 20242018-03
Equity (US)OXSQZOxford Square Capital Corp. 6.25% Notes due 20262019-04
Equity (US)PAHCPhibro Animal Health Corporation Class A Common Stock2014-04
Equity (US)NSRNomad Royalty Company Ltd.2020-05
Equity (US)NSSCNAPCO Security Technologies, Inc. Common Stock1981-12
Equity (US)NSTBNorthern Star Investment Corp. II2021-02
Equity (US)CLINUClean Earth Acquisitions Corp. Unit2022-02
Equity (US)ESSEssex Property Trust, Inc1994-06
Equity (US)ECCXEagle Point Credit Company Inc. 6.6875% Notes due 20282022-02
Equity (US)SPGSSimon Property Group Acquisition Holdings, Inc.2021-04
Equity (US)PYTMerrill Lynch Depositor PPLUS  Floating Rate Call TR Cert. Ser GSC-2(Goldman Sachs)2004-07
Equity (US)QCLNFirst Trust NASDAQ Clean Edge Green Energy Index Fund2007-02
Equity (US)NTPNam Tai Property Inc.1990-11
Equity (US)NTRANatera, Inc. Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)NTRBNutriband Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)NTWKNetSol Technologies Inc. Common  Stock1998-09
Equity (US)QDQudian Inc. American Depositary Shares, each representing one Class A Ordinary Share2017-10
Equity (US)NTZNatuzzi, S.p.A1993-05
Equity (US)NTZGNuShares ETF Trust Nuveen Global Net Zero Transition ETF2022-06
Equity (US)NUNu Holdings Ltd.2021-12
Equity (US)BLUABlueRiver Acquisition Corp.2021-03
Equity (US)BREZRBreeze Holdings Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)BRLIRBrilliant Acquisition Corporation Rights2022-11
Equity (US)BTTBlackRock Municipal 2030 Target Term Trust2012-08
Equity (US)EDOCGlobal X Funds Global X Telemedicine & Digital Health ETF2020-07
Equity (US)FMETFidelity Covington Trust Fidelity Metaverse ETF2022-04
Equity (US)FMIVForum Merger IV Corporation Class A Common stock2021-06
Equity (US)PAIWestern Asset Investment Grade Income Fund Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)POWWAMMO, Inc. Common Stock2017-02
Equity (US)JWELJowell Global Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)NVOSNovo Integrated Sciences, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)MBSCM3-Brigade Acquisition III Corp.2021-12
Equity (US)NVSNovartis AG1996-11
Equity (US)MBRXMoleculin Biotech, Inc. Common Stock2016-06
Equity (US)POWWPAMMO, Inc. 8.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2021-05
Equity (US)BMBLBumble Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)EDSAEdesa Biotech, Inc. Common Shares2010-06
Equity (US)EDUCEducational Development Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)FMIVUForum Merger IV Corporation Unit2021-03
Equity (US)FNKFirst Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX Fund2011-04
Equity (US)DSUBlackrock Debt Strategies Fund, Inc.1998-03
Equity (US)ARGUUArgus Capital Corp. Unit2021-09
Equity (US)BATRKLiberty Media Corporation Series C Liberty Braves Common Stock2016-04
Equity (US)GNWGenworth Financial, Inc.2004-05
Equity (US)MDIVFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund2012-08
Equity (US)MDJHMDJM LTD Ordinary Share2019-01
Equity (US)QIPTQuipt Home Medical Corp. Common Shares2010-08
Equity (US)MDNAMedicenna Therapeutics Corp. Common Shares2017-11
Equity (US)MDRRMedalist Diversified REIT, Inc. Common Stock2018-11
Equity (US)MDRRPMedalist Diversified REIT, Inc. Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2020-02
Equity (US)MDRXAllscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. Common Stock1999-07
Equity (US)CWBRCohBar, Inc. Common Stock2017-12
Equity (US)MEGMontrose Environmental Group, Inc.2020-07
Equity (US)EDUTGlobal X Funds Global X Education ETF2020-07
Equity (US)EEIQElite Education Group International Ltd. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)MEGIMainStay CBRE Global Infrastructure Megatrends Fund2021-10
Equity (US)BCBrunswick Corporation1981-12
Equity (US)FNCBFNCB Bancorp Inc. Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)DLHCDLH Holdings Corp.1986-05
Equity (US)SYMSymbotic Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)ARKOARKO Corp. Common Stock2019-07
Equity (US)MCMOELIS & COMPANY2014-04
Equity (US)QKQ&K International Group Limited American Depositary Shares2019-11
Equity (US)FPACFar Peak Acquisition Corporation2021-01
Equity (US)WKHSWorkhorse Group, Inc. Common Stock2010-06
Equity (US)NOVVNova Vision Acquisition Corp. Ordinary share2021-10
Equity (US)MELIMercadoLibre, Inc. Common Stock2007-08
Equity (US)BKCHGlobal X Funds Global X Blockchain ETF2021-07
Equity (US)MEOAMinority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)PBAXPhoenix Biotech Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)WKMEWalkMe Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)BRLTBrilliant Earth Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)BRPBRP Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)CATOCATO CORP1987-04
Equity (US)WKSPWorksport, Ltd. Common Stock2001-06
Equity (US)BCXBLACKROCK RESOURCES & COMMODITIES STRATEGY TRUST2011-03
Equity (US)FCCOFirst Community Corporation Common Stock1999-03
Equity (US)FCEFFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VIII First Trust Income Opportunities ETF2016-09
Equity (US)MEOAUMinority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. Units2021-08
Equity (US)PBFSPioneer Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2019-07
Equity (US)PBHPrestige Consumer Healthcare Inc.2005-02
Equity (US)MEOHMethanex Corporation Common Stock1992-05
Equity (US)PBIPitney Bowes Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)MBNKPMedallion Bank Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series F2019-12
Equity (US)NRGVEnergy Vault Holdings, Inc.2021-03
Equity (US)RCMR1 RCM Inc. Common Stock2017-03
Equity (US)CMTLComtech Telecommunications Corp. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)EAIEntergy Arkansas, LLC First Mortgage Bonds, 4.875% Series due September 1, 20662007-12
Equity (US)BCYCBicycle Therapeutics plc American Depositary Shares2019-05
Equity (US)ROCLRoth CH Acquisition V Co. Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)PFDFlaherty & Crumrine Preferred and Income Fund Incorporated1991-01
Equity (US)PFDRPathfinder Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)TFSLTFS Financial Corporation Common Stock2007-04
Equity (US)PFXNZPhenixFIN Corporation 5.25% Notes due 20282021-11
Equity (US)BNDVanguard Total Bond Market ETF2007-04
Equity (US)BNTXBioNTech SE American Depositary Share2019-10
Equity (US)BSJOInvesco BulletShares 2024 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF2016-09
Equity (US)TGTredegar Corporation1989-07
Equity (US)BSBEInvesco BulletShares 2022 USD Emerging Markets Debt ETF2018-10
Equity (US)DOORMASONITE INTERNATIONAL CORP2009-07
Equity (US)EMOClearBridge Energy Midstream Opportunity Fund Inc.2011-06
Equity (US)ENVBEnveric Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2015-05
Equity (US)TGATransGlobe Energy Corporation Ordinary Shares (Canada)1984-03
Equity (US)TGAATarget Global Acquisition I Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2022-02
Equity (US)TGAAUTarget Global Acquisition I Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)PIEInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco DWA Emerging Markets Momentum ETF2008-01
Equity (US)PIIPolaris Inc.1987-09
Equity (US)PIIIP3 Health Partners Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)PIKKidpik Corp. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)CGBDCarlyle Secured Lending, Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)FSDFIRST TRUST HIGH INCOME LONG/SHORT FUND2010-09
Equity (US)FTCHFarfetch Limited Class A Ordinary Shares2018-09
Equity (US)FTCSFirst Trust Capital Strength ETF2006-07
Equity (US)FTCVFinTech Acquisition Corp. V Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)INTEUIntegral Acquisition Corporation 1 Unit2021-11
Equity (US)APDNApplied DNA Sciences, Inc. Common Stock2003-07
Equity (US)KTCCKey Tronic Corporation Common Stock1983-06
Equity (US)INTEIntegral Acquisition Corporation 1 Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)PLAOPatria Latin American Opportunity Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-05
Equity (US)PLAYDave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. Common Stock2014-10
Equity (US)PLDPROLOGIS, INC.1997-11
Equity (US)FPHFive Point Holdings, LLC Class A Common Shares2017-05
Equity (US)CCICrown Castle Intl. Corp.1998-08
Equity (US)MFMissfresh Limited American Depositary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)MFAMFA Financial, Inc1998-04
Equity (US)DMOWestern Asset Mortgage Opportunity Fund Inc.2010-02
Equity (US)MFMMFS Municipal Income Trust Shares of Beneficial Interest1986-11
Equity (US)BSXBoston Scientific Corp.1992-05
Equity (US)MFVMFS SPECIAL VALUE TRUST1989-11
Equity (US)BCDABioCardia, Inc. Common Stock1996-11
Equity (US)BJBJs Wholesale Club Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)MGMistras Group Inc.2009-10
Equity (US)MNTSMomentus Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-01
Equity (US)MNTVMomentive Global Inc. Common Stock2018-09
Equity (US)PLOWDOUGLAS DYNAMICS, INC.2010-05
Equity (US)PLPCPreformed Line Products Company Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)MNTXManitex International, Inc. Common Stock2005-02
Equity (US)PLSEPulse Biosciences, Inc Common Stock (DE)2016-05
Equity (US)PLTKPlaytika Holding Corp. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)PLTRPalantir Technologies Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)RPIDRapid Micro Biosystems, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)MOGOMogo Inc. Common Shares2017-05
Equity (US)BKKTBakkt Holdings, Inc.2020-11
Equity (US)BOEBlackRock Enhanced Global Dividend Trust2005-05
Equity (US)CCCCC4 Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)GLNGGolar Lng Ltd2003-07
Equity (US)PMCBPharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. Common Stock2013-01
Equity (US)PMGMPriveterra Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)PMLPIMCO MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND II COMMON SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INT.2002-06
Equity (US)PMMPutnam Managed Municipal Income1989-02
Equity (US)PMOPutnam Municipal Opportunities Trust1993-05
Equity (US)PMTPennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust2009-07
Equity (US)PMTSCPI Card Group Inc. Common Stock2015-10
Equity (US)PMXPIMCO Municipal Income Fund III2002-10
Equity (US)PNACUPrime Number Acquisition I Corp. Unit2022-05
Equity (US)CEMIChembio Diagnostics, Inc. Common Stock2000-10
Equity (US)CEQPCrestwood Equity Partners LP2001-07
Equity (US)EQNREquinor ASA American Depositary Shares (Each Representing One Ordinary Share, nominal value NOK 2.502001-06
Equity (US)EVAXEvaxion Biotech A/S American Depositary Share2021-02
Equity (US)EVBGEverbridge, Inc. Common Stock2016-09
Equity (US)EXPOExponent, Inc. Common Stock1990-08
Equity (US)XOMExxon Mobil Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)LLLL Flooring Holdings, Inc.2007-11
Equity (US)SOHOSotherly Hotels Inc. Common Stock2004-12
Equity (US)SOHOBSotherly Hotels Inc. 8.0% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2016-09
Equity (US)SWZSwiss Helvetia Fund, Inc.1987-08
Equity (US)VGSHVanguard Short-Term Treasury ETF2009-11
Equity (US)EGIOEdgio, Inc. Common Stock2007-06
Equity (US)CMICummins Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)DKNGDraftKings Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-07
Equity (US)PNTGThe Pennant Group, Inc. Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)PNTMPontem Corporation2021-03
Equity (US)DOLEDole plc2021-07
Equity (US)MOLNMolecular Partners AG American Depositary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)NRUCNational Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 5.500% Subordinated Notes due 2064 (Subordi2019-05
Equity (US)SOHONSotherly Hotels Inc. 8.25% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2019-04
Equity (US)EXTNExterran Corporation2015-10
Equity (US)DYNDyne Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)FALNiShares Trust iShares Fallen Angels USD Bond ETF2016-06
Equity (US)FANGDiamondback Energy, Inc. Commmon Stock2012-10
Equity (US)SBOWSilverBow Resources, Inc.2017-01
Equity (US)BKRBaker Hughes Company Class A Common Stock1987-04
Equity (US)PRSOPeraso Inc. Common Stock2001-07
Equity (US)PRSRProspector Capital Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)PRTPermRock Royalty Trust Trust Unit2018-05
Equity (US)ACMAecom2007-05
Equity (US)SYKStryker Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)BKDBrookdale Senior Living, Inc.2005-11
Equity (US)CERSCerus Corporation Common Stock1997-01
Equity (US)DOOOBRP Inc. Common Subordinate Voting Shares2013-08
Equity (US)DSKEDaseke, Inc. Common Stock2015-12
Equity (US)DSLDOUBLELINE INCOME SOLUTIONS FUND2013-04
Equity (US)SOJDThe Southern Company Series 2020A 4.95% Junior Subordinated Notes due January 30, 20802020-01
Equity (US)RAILFreightCar America, Inc. Common Stock2005-04
Equity (US)RAINRain Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)SOJEThe Southern Company Series 2020C 4.20% Junior Subordinated Notes due October 15, 20602020-09
Equity (US)RAMAries I Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share2021-07
Equity (US)RAMPLiveRamp Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1983-12
Equity (US)RANDRand Capital Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)RANIRani Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)SOLReneSola Ltd American Depositary (Each representing ten shares)2008-01
Equity (US)MBIOMustang Bio, Inc. Common Stock2017-08
Equity (US)BKSCBank of South Carolina Corp. Common Stock1986-10
Equity (US)EGHT8x8, Inc. Common Stock1997-07
Equity (US)EVEEVe Mobility Acquisition Corp2022-02
Equity (US)FITBFifth Third Bancorp Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)FNFFidelity National Financial, Inc.2005-10
Equity (US)FTCVUFinTech Acquisition Corp. V Unit2020-12
Equity (US)FTDRfrontdoor, inc. Common Stock2018-09
Equity (US)FTGCFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VII First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund2013-10
Equity (US)BKTBlackRock Income Trust Inc.1988-07
Equity (US)DWUSAdvisorShares Trust AdvisorShares Dorsey Wright FSM US Core ETF2019-12
Equity (US)MCFTMasterCraft Boat Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)BRXBRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC.2013-10
Equity (US)DMAQDeep Medicine Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)BSBKBogota Financial Corp. Common Stock2020-01
Equity (US)BSBRBANCO SANTANDER (BRASIL) SA2009-10
Equity (US)BSCEInvesco BulletShares 2023 USD Emerging Markets Debt ETF2018-10
Equity (US)BSCMInvesco BulletShares 2022 Corporate Bond ETF2013-07
Equity (US)CETXPCemtrex Inc. Series 1 Preferred Stock2017-02
Equity (US)DMAQRDeep Medicine Acquisition Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)CEYVictory Portfolios II VictoryShares Emerging Market High Div Volatility Wtd ETF2017-10
Equity (US)CFFECF Acquisition Corp. VIII Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)CMUMFS High Yield Municipal Trust1987-03
Equity (US)EPREPR Properties1997-11
Equity (US)MONCUMonument Circle Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)MORNMorningstar, Inc. Common Stock2005-05
Equity (US)MPBMid Penn Bancorp Common Stock1997-12
Equity (US)MPCMARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION2011-06
Equity (US)PRTGPortage Biotech Inc. Common Stock2002-01
Equity (US)ASTRAstra Space, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)RBLXRoblox Corporation2021-03
Equity (US)CHCTCommunity Healthcare Trust Incorporated Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share2015-05
Equity (US)USPHUS Physical Therapy Inc1992-05
Equity (US)MSIMotorola Solutions, Inc. New1979-12
Equity (US)KTBKontoor Brands, Inc. Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)ATAIATAI Life Sciences N.V. Common Shares2021-06
Equity (US)BLCOBausch + Lomb Corporation2022-05
Equity (US)BLDEBlade Air Mobility, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)CMSCMS Energy Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)RBOTVicarious Surgical Inc.2020-09
Equity (US)CGNTCognyte Software Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)ACWIiShares MSCI ACWI ETF2008-03
Equity (US)SPNTSiriusPoint Ltd.2013-08
Equity (US)MAXMediaAlpha, Inc.2020-10
Equity (US)SPRSpirit Aerosystems Holdings, Inc.2006-11
Equity (US)SPRBSpruce Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)ETREntergy Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)EDRYEuroDry Ltd. Common Shares2018-06
Equity (US)ATAKAurora Technology Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-03
Equity (US)SPRCSciSparc Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-08
Equity (US)ATLOAmes National Corporation Common Stock2000-02
Equity (US)ATUSAltice USA, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)BLDRBuilders FirstSource, Inc.2005-06
Equity (US)BRYBerry Corporation (bry) Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)BCORBlucora, Inc. Common Stock1998-12
Equity (US)TGNATEGNA Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)XERSXeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)TGRKimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation2022-03
Equity (US)UGUnited-Guardian, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)BFIBurgerFi International, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)GAINNGladstone Investment Corporation 5.00% Notes Due 20262021-03
Equity (US)GAINZGladstone Investment Corporation 4.875% Notes due 20282021-08
Equity (US)BFKBlackRock Municipal Income Trust2001-07
Equity (US)BOOTBoot Barn Holdings, Inc.2014-10
Equity (US)CIHChina Index Holdings Limited American Depository Shares2019-06
Equity (US)FBMSFirst Bancshares, Inc.2003-01
Equity (US)GSKGSK plc1980-03
Equity (US)HNGRHanger Inc.1986-02
Equity (US)REVHRevolution Healthcare Acquisition Corp. SAIL Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)REXRREXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC.2013-07
Equity (US)RFEMFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund III First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF2016-06
Equity (US)XENEXenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Shares2014-11
Equity (US)CVVCVD Equipment Corporation Common Stock1999-03
Equity (US)BILIBilibili Inc. American Depositary Shares2018-03
Equity (US)MSDAMSD Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)GAMGeneral American Investors Company, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)MSGMMotorsport Games Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)BILLBill.com Holdings, Inc.2019-12
Equity (US)BITBLACKROCK MULTI-SECTOR INCOME TRUST2013-02
Equity (US)BLEBlackRock Municipal Income Trust II2002-07
Equity (US)ULUnilever plc1980-03
Equity (US)SPTKSportsTek Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)SSAAUScience Strategic Acquisition Corp. Alpha Unit2021-01
Equity (US)RGAReinsurance Group of America, Incorporated2008-09
Equity (US)SSBSouthState Corporation Common Stock1997-01
Equity (US)BJDXBluejay Diagnostics, Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)RGCRegencell Bioscience Holdings Limited Ordinary Shares2021-07
Equity (US)AUTLAutolus Therapeutics plc American Depositary Share2018-06
Equity (US)GNUSGenius Brands International, Inc. Common Stock2012-02
Equity (US)MSGSMadison Square Garden Sports Corp.2015-09
Equity (US)RHRH2012-11
Equity (US)DIBS1stdibs.com, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)MTLSMaterialise NV American Depositary Shares2014-06
Equity (US)GGEGreen Giant Inc. Common Stock2008-03
Equity (US)GGMCGlenfarne Merger Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)NVTAInvitae Corporation2015-02
Equity (US)GGMCUGlenfarne Merger Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)AUUDAuddia Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)CITECartica Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)CITEUCartica Acquisition Corp Unit2022-01
Equity (US)BLFSBioLife Solutions, Inc. Common Stock1989-11
Equity (US)BLFYBlue Foundry Bancorp Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)BLKBBlackbaud, Inc. Common Stock2004-07
Equity (US)CLBRColombier Acquisition Corp.2021-07
Equity (US)XSPAXpresSpa Group, Inc. Common Stock2010-07
Equity (US)ENZEnzo Biochem, Inc.1980-06
Equity (US)CNMDCONMED Corporation1987-07
Equity (US)HSBCHSBC Holdings PLC1999-07
Equity (US)SSRMSSR Mining Inc. Common Stock1996-08
Equity (US)IMRAIMARA Inc. Common Stock2020-03
Equity (US)RMTRoyce Micro-Cap Trust Inc1993-12
Equity (US)RNAAvidity Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)RNAZTransCode Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)NXQuanex Building Products Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)AAXJiShares MSCI All Country Asia ex Japan ETF2008-08
Equity (US)ABVCABVC Biopharma, Inc. Common Stock2004-11
Equity (US)KSSKohl's Corporation1992-05
Equity (US)KSMDWS Strategic Municipal Income Trust1989-03
Equity (US)KODKodiak Sciences Inc Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)SYFSYNCHRONY FINANCIAL2014-07
Equity (US)BLMNBloomin' Brands, Inc. Common Stock2012-08
Equity (US)BSJNInvesco BulletShares 2023 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF2015-10
Equity (US)ROCCRanger Oil Corporation Class A Common Stock2016-11
Equity (US)ROCGRoth CH Acquisition IV Co. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)ROCGURoth CH Acquisition IV Co. Unit2021-08
Equity (US)BSMNInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2023 Municipal Bond ETF2019-09
Equity (US)AXDXAccelerate Diagnostics, Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)SGASaga Communications, Inc. Class A Common Stock (FL)1993-03
Equity (US)AAINArlington Asset Investment Corp. 6.000% Senior Notes Due 20262021-07
Equity (US)SGBXSG Blocks, Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)CLIRClearSign Technologies Corporation Common Stock2012-04
Equity (US)CXMSprinklr, Inc.2021-06
Equity (US)EOLSEvolus, Inc. Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)ESEversource Energy1979-12
Equity (US)RPHMReneo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)SYBXSynlogic, Inc. Common Stock2015-09
Equity (US)RRCRange Resources Corp1980-06
Equity (US)RRGBRed Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Common Stock2002-07
Equity (US)KSICUKadem Sustainable Impact Corporation Unit2021-03
Equity (US)SONXSonendo, Inc.2021-10
Equity (US)SHCAUSpindletop Health Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)NXCNUVEEN CA SEL TAX-FREE INC1992-06
Equity (US)BSCNInvesco BulletShares 2023 Corporate Bond ETF2014-09
Equity (US)DBRGDigitalBridge Group, Inc.2014-06
Equity (US)DDIDoubleDown Interactive Co., Ltd. American Depository Shares2021-08
Equity (US)DDIVFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Dorsey Wright Momentum & Dividend ETF2014-03
Equity (US)EKSOEkso Bionics Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2014-01
Equity (US)ELOXEloxx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)LASRnLIGHT, Inc. Common Stock2018-04
Equity (US)MURFUMurphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-02
Equity (US)SHAKShake Shack Inc.2015-01
Equity (US)CSTAConstellation Acquisition Corp I2021-03
Equity (US)RWLKReWalk Robotics Ltd. Ordinary Shares2014-09
Equity (US)BLNGBelong Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)BLNGUBelong Acquisition Corp. Units2021-07
Equity (US)SMWBSimilarweb Ltd.2021-05
Equity (US)CTSCTS Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)RBBNRibbon Communications Inc. Common Stock2000-05
Equity (US)DDLDingdong (Cayman) Limited American Depositary Shares (each two representing three Ordinary Shares)2021-06
Equity (US)RBBRBB Bancorp Common Stock2017-07
Equity (US)GOCOGoHealth, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)ELYSElys Game Technology, Corp. Common Stock2019-12
Equity (US)EMSmart Share Global Limited American Depositary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)GHLGreenhill & Co., Inc.2004-05
Equity (US)GIMTempleton Global Income Fund (Delaware)1988-03
Equity (US)GISGeneral Mills, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)MTNVail Resorts, Inc.1997-02
Equity (US)KSIKadem Sustainable Impact Corporation Class A common stock2021-05
Equity (US)RWODRedwoods Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)RXRARXR Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)RXRAURXR Acquisition Corp. Units2021-03
Equity (US)CTSHCognizant Technology Solutions Corporation Class A Common Stock1998-06
Equity (US)GIWGigInternational1, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)IMPXAEA-Bridges Impact Corp.2020-11
Equity (US)SPGSimon Property Group, Inc.1993-12
Equity (US)CTSOCytosorbents Corporation Common Stock2006-08
Equity (US)SPFISouth Plains Financial, Inc. Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)BLNKBlink Charging Co. Common Stock2009-12
Equity (US)BLPHBellerophon Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-02
Equity (US)BLTSBright Lights Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)BJRIBJ's Restaurants, Inc. Common Stock1996-10
Equity (US)DAVAEndava plc American Depositary Shares (each representing one Class A Ordinary Share)2018-07
Equity (US)DAVEDave Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)DCTDuck Creek Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)DDSDillards Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)DDTDillard's Capital Trust I 7.50% Capital Securities1998-10
Equity (US)AXLAmerican Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.1999-01
Equity (US)ERYPErytech Pharma S.A. American Depositary Shares2017-10
Equity (US)EVMTInvesco Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Commodity Fund Trust Invesco Electric Vehicle Metals Commodity Strategy No K-1 ETF2022-04
Equity (US)FSLYFastly, Inc.2019-05
Equity (US)BAMHBrookfield Finance Inc. 4.625% Subordinated Notes due October 16, 20802020-10
Equity (US)REVGREV Group, Inc.2017-01
Equity (US)BANCBanc of California, Inc.2002-08
Equity (US)BANDBandwidth Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)BLZEBackblaze, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)BMAQBlockchain Moon Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)BMAQRBlockchain Moon Acquisition Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)SYBTStock Yards Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1993-03
Equity (US)BANFBancFirst Corporation Common Stock1990-03
Equity (US)BANRBanner Corporation Common Stock1995-11
Equity (US)GLEEGladstone Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)GLHAGlass Houses Acquisition Corp. Class A common stock2021-05
Equity (US)GLMDGalmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Ordinary Shares2014-03
Equity (US)GNLNGreenlane Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-04
Equity (US)BBLNBabylon Holdings Limited2021-04
Equity (US)GNTXGentex Corporation Common Stock1981-12
Equity (US)GRAYGraybug Vision, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)SYSo-Young International Inc. American Depository Shares2019-05
Equity (US)MTPMidatech Pharma PLC American Depositary Shs2015-12
Equity (US)SBIISandbridge X2 Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)MTRMesa Royalty Trust1979-12
Equity (US)CRDOCredo Technology Group Holding Ltd Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)NXPNUVEEN SELECT TAX-FREE INC1992-03
Equity (US)OGNOrganon & Co.2021-05
Equity (US)OGSONE GAS, INC.2014-01
Equity (US)BMAQUBlockchain Moon Acquisition Corp. Units2021-10
Equity (US)GPKGraphic Packaging Holding Company1992-12
Equity (US)BMEBlackrock Health Sciences Trust2005-03
Equity (US)BMEABiomea Fusion, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)BMEZBlackRock Health Sciences Trust II2020-01
Equity (US)BMIBadger Meter, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)BMRABiomerica, Inc. Common Stock1984-09
Equity (US)ABAllianceBernstein Holding, L.P.1988-04
Equity (US)BMRCBank of Marin Bancorp Common Stock1999-12
Equity (US)BMRNBioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. Common Stock1999-07
Equity (US)STSensata Technologies Holding plc2010-03
Equity (US)DSDrive Shack Inc.2002-10
Equity (US)STAASTAAR Surgical Company Common Stock1992-02
Equity (US)STABStatera Biopharma, Inc. Common Stock2006-07
Equity (US)GPMTGranite Point Mortgage Trust Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)GRINGrindrod Shipping Holdings Ltd. Ordinary Shares2018-06
Equity (US)STAGSTAG INDUSTRIAL, INC.2011-04
Equity (US)STROSutro Biopharma, Inc. Common Stock2018-09
Equity (US)SXTCChina SXT Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ordinary Shares2019-01
Equity (US)WKWorkiva Inc.2014-12
Equity (US)DISADisruptive Acquisition Corporation I Class A Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)DRMADermata Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)DOYUDouYu International Holdings Limited ADS2019-07
Equity (US)USACUSA COMPRESSION PARTNERS LP2013-01
Equity (US)USALiberty All-Star Equity Fund1986-10
Equity (US)EASTEastside Distilling, Inc. Common Stock2017-01
Equity (US)OHAAOPY Acquisition Corp. I Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)OHAAUOPY Acquisition Corp. I Units2021-10
Equity (US)ONCROncorus, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)HLLYHolley Inc.2020-11
Equity (US)GSHDGoosehead Insurance, Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-04
Equity (US)GTPBGores Technology Partners II, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)GTPBUGores Technology Partners II, Inc. Units2021-03
Equity (US)GTRWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Target Range Fund2021-10
Equity (US)HLMNHillman Solutions Corp. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)ONCSOncoSec Medical Incorporated Common Stock2011-04
Equity (US)EATBrinker International, Inc.1984-01
Equity (US)HCAHCA Healthcare, Inc.2011-03
Equity (US)HELEHelen of Troy Limited Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)HERAFTAC Hera Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)HLIHoulihan Lokey, Inc.2015-08
Equity (US)GRBKGreen Brick Partners, Inc2007-06
Equity (US)MTRNMaterion Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)MTRXMatrix Service Company Common Stock1990-09
Equity (US)IMNMImmunome, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)MTRYMonterey Bio Acquisition Corporation Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)SXTSensient Technology Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)BBUBrookfield Business Partners L.P.Limited Partnership Units2016-06
Equity (US)HERDPacer Funds Pacer Cash Cows Fund of Funds ETF2019-05
Equity (US)HFBLHome Federal Bancorp, Inc. of Louisiana Common StocK2007-06
Equity (US)HFROHighland Income Fund2017-11
Equity (US)HGLBHighland Global Allocation Fund2019-03
Equity (US)EBEventbrite, Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-09
Equity (US)LMACALiberty Media Acquisition Corporation Series A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)SERASera Prognostics, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)GRCYUGreencity Acquisition Corporation Unit2020-07
Equity (US)XELBXcel Brands, Inc. Common Stock2012-10
Equity (US)DGICADonegal Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock2003-07
Equity (US)DGIIDigi International Inc. Common Stock1989-10
Equity (US)DISAUDisruptive Acquisition Corporation I Unit2021-03
Equity (US)OESXOrion Energy Systems, Inc. Common Stock2007-12
Equity (US)OGEOGE Energy Corp.1979-12
Equity (US)MTRYUMonterey Bio Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-10
Equity (US)BNFTBenefitfocus, Inc. Common Stock2013-09
Equity (US)SESSES AI Corporation2021-03
Equity (US)SEVNSeven Hills Realty Trust Common Stock2006-05
Equity (US)SFStifel Financial Corp.1983-07
Equity (US)BNIXBannix Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)MTSIMACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2012-03
Equity (US)DHACDigital Health Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)DICEDICE Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)DINOHF Sinclair Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)BNNRBanner Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)BNSBank of Nova Scotia2002-06
Equity (US)CDLXCardlytics, Inc. Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)MTTRMatterport, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)CBZCBIZ, Inc.1995-04
Equity (US)BBUCBrookfield Business Corporation Class A Exchangeable Subordinate Voting Shares2022-03
Equity (US)BBWBuild-A-Bear Workshop, Inc.2004-10
Equity (US)BNSOBonso Electronics International, Inc. Common Stock1989-06
Equity (US)SGHSMART Global Holdings, Inc. Ordinary Shares2017-05
Equity (US)SGHCSuper Group (SGHC) Limited2020-11
Equity (US)XELAPExela Technologies, Inc. 6.00% Series B Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock2022-03
Equity (US)FFord Motor Company1979-12
Equity (US)BOCNBlue Ocean Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)HLGNHeliogen, Inc.2021-05
Equity (US)HLNEHamilton Lane Incorporated Class A Common Stock2017-03
Equity (US)HMNHorace Mann Educators Corporation1991-11
Equity (US)BWBabcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc.2015-06
Equity (US)BBWIBath & Body Works, Inc.1982-04
Equity (US)HSIIHeidrick & Struggles International, Inc. Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)HTGCHercules Capital, Inc.2005-06
Equity (US)SXCSUNCOKE ENERGY INC2011-07
Equity (US)BCELAtreca, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)ROCROC Energy Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)ROCARROC Energy Acquisition Corp. Rights2021-12
Equity (US)ROCAUROC Energy Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)CACCamden National Corporation Common Stock1997-10
Equity (US)CACGLegg Mason ETF Investment Trust ClearBridge All Cap Growth ESG ETF2017-05
Equity (US)CACICACI INTERNATIONAL CLA1980-03
Equity (US)CADECadence Bank1985-10
Equity (US)CASACasa Systems, Inc. Common Stock2017-12
Equity (US)CBHVirtus Convertible & Income 2024 Target Term Fund2017-06
Equity (US)BCHBanco de ChileAmerican Depositary Shares (Each representing 200 shares of Common Stock)2002-08
Equity (US)DLYDoubleLine Yield Opportunities Fund2020-02
Equity (US)SWXSouthwest Gas Holdings, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)CTICCTI BioPharma Corp. (DE) Common Stock1997-03
Equity (US)CLOEClover Leaf Capital Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)HWMHowmet Aerospace Inc.2016-11
Equity (US)HXLHexcel Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)CLRMUClarim Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)SWVLSwvl Holdings Corp Class A Common Shares2021-03
Equity (US)DJCODaily Journal Corp. (S.C.) Common Stock1986-06
Equity (US)DKDCAData Knights Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)DORMDorman Products, Inc. Common Stock1991-03
Equity (US)BODYThe Beachbody Company, Inc.2021-01
Equity (US)FYCFirst Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX Fund2011-04
Equity (US)XELXcel Energy Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)IARTIntegra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation Common Stock1995-08
Equity (US)ABEOAbeona Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock1980-09
Equity (US)CLSTCatalyst Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)CMPRCimpress PLC Ordinary Shares (Ireland)2005-09
Equity (US)CMPSCOMPASS Pathways Plc American Depository Shares2020-09
Equity (US)CMPXCompass Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)EBSEmergent Biosolutions, Inc.2006-11
Equity (US)IBCPIndependent Bank Corporation Common Stock1985-09
Equity (US)IBERIbere Pharmaceuticals2021-04
Equity (US)IBTKiShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2030 Term Treasury ETF2020-07
Equity (US)IBTLiShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2031 Term Treasury ETF2021-08
Equity (US)CPAQCounter Press Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share2022-04
Equity (US)KFKOREA FUND, INC1984-08
Equity (US)RLRalph Lauren Corporation1997-06
Equity (US)CPAQUCounter Press Acquisition Corporation Unit2022-02
Equity (US)CPARCatalyst Partners Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-07
Equity (US)UROYUranium Royalty Corp. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)BOKFBOK Financial Corporation Common Stock1991-09
Equity (US)BONBon Natural Life Limited Ordinary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)ICADiCAD, Inc. Common Stock1984-12
Equity (US)ICCHICC Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2017-03
Equity (US)IDEVOYA INFRASTRUCTURE, INDUSTRIALS AND MATERIALS FUND2010-02
Equity (US)IDEXIdeanomics, Inc. Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)IFINInFinT Acquisition Corporation2022-01
Equity (US)IGOViShares Trust iShares International Treasury Bond ETF2009-01
Equity (US)BORRBorr Drilling Limited2019-07
Equity (US)CBChubb Limited1993-03
Equity (US)CCNECNB Financial Corporation Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)CMRXChimerix, Inc. Common Stock2013-04
Equity (US)IMGNImmunoGen, Inc. Common Stock1989-11
Equity (US)CNEYCN Energy Group Inc. Ordinary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)EEAThe European Equity Fund, Inc.1986-07
Equity (US)GNKGENCO SHIPPING & TRADING LTD2014-07
Equity (US)WBSWebster Financial Corporation Waterbury1986-12
Equity (US)BLSABCLS Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2020-10
Equity (US)IGTAUInception Growth Acquisition Limited Unit2021-12
Equity (US)URIUnited Rentals, Inc.1997-12
Equity (US)MMSMAXIMUS, Inc.1997-06
Equity (US)PCSAProcessa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)SNNSmith & Nephew plc1999-11
Equity (US)URGNUroGen Pharma Ltd. Ordinary Shares2017-05
Equity (US)IMAQRInternational Media Acquisition Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)EMBiShares J,P. Morgan USD Emerging Markets Bond ETF2007-12
Equity (US)BOTJBank of the James Financial Group, Inc. Common Stock2000-08
Equity (US)BPTSBiophytis SA American Depositary Share2021-02
Equity (US)BRACRBroad Capital Acquisition Corp Rights2022-11
Equity (US)BRBRBellRing Brands, Inc.2019-10
Equity (US)BRCCBRC Inc.2022-02
Equity (US)BRDBeard Energy Transition Acquisition Corp.2022-01
Equity (US)BRDSBird Global, Inc.2021-03
Equity (US)CDNACareDx, Inc. Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)NACNuveen California Quality Municipal Income Fund1999-05
Equity (US)FSRFisker Inc.2018-10
Equity (US)NADNuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund1999-05
Equity (US)SOHUSohu.com Limited American Depositary Shares2000-07
Equity (US)CHEAUChenghe Acquisition Co. Unit2022-04
Equity (US)CHEFThe Chefs' Warehouse, Inc. Common Stock2011-07
Equity (US)CIBRFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund II First Trust NASDAQ Cybersecurity ETF2015-07
Equity (US)CIDVictoryShares International High Div Volatility Wtd ETF2015-08
Equity (US)DMDesktop Metal, Inc.2019-05
Equity (US)DMACDiaMedica Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2012-08
Equity (US)NAIINatural Alternatives International, Inc. Common Stock1993-10
Equity (US)ETNB89bio, Inc. Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)CNFCNFinance Holdings Limited American Depositary Shares (ADSs), each representing twenty (20) Ordina2018-11
Equity (US)CNFRConifer Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2015-08
Equity (US)BLTEBelite Bio, Inc American Depositary Shares2022-04
Equity (US)ENOVEnovis Corporation2008-05
Equity (US)BOXDBoxed, Inc.2021-02
Equity (US)BRKHUBurTech Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)DMSDigital Media Solutions, Inc.2018-04
Equity (US)ETWEaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write Opportunities Fund2005-11
Equity (US)ERICEricsson American Depositary Shares1981-08
Equity (US)ETYEaton Vance Tax-Managed Diversified Equity Income Fund2006-11
Equity (US)FYBRFrontier Communications Parent, Inc. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)IMOSChipMOS TECHNOLOGIES INC. American Depositary Shares2003-07
Equity (US)IMPPImperial Petroleum Inc. Common Shares2021-12
Equity (US)IMPPPImperial Petroleum Inc. 8.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares2021-12
Equity (US)SHELShell plc American Depositary Shares (Each represents two Ordinary shares)1994-10
Equity (US)SPIRSpire Global, Inc.2020-11
Equity (US)SPKSPK Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)SIERUSierra Lake Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-09
Equity (US)CKPTCheckpoint Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2016-12
Equity (US)DMATGlobal X Funds Global X Disruptive Materials ETF2022-01
Equity (US)DNBDun & Bradstreet Holdings, Inc.2020-07
Equity (US)DRRXDURECT Corporation Common Stock2000-09
Equity (US)SWTXSpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-09
Equity (US)SWSSSpringwater Special Situations Corp. Common stock2021-09
Equity (US)SIGIPSelective Insurance Group, Inc. Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 4.60% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B2020-12
Equity (US)AMCRAmcor plc Ordinary Shares2012-05
Equity (US)CAECAE INC2002-07
Equity (US)SWNSouthwestern Energy Company1980-03
Equity (US)SILKSilk Road Medical, Inc. Common Stock2019-04
Equity (US)ABCMAbcam plc American Depositary Shares2020-10
Equity (US)CNTGCentogene N.V. Common Shares2019-11
Equity (US)SWKSSkyworks Solutions, Inc. Common Stock1984-09
Equity (US)SWKHSWK Holdings Corporation Common Stock1999-09
Equity (US)EVFEaton Vance Senior Income Trust1998-10
Equity (US)FCAFirst Trust China AlphaDEX Fund2011-04
Equity (US)FCAXFortress Capital Acquisition Corp.2021-03
Equity (US)QRMIGlobal X Funds Global X NASDAQ 100 Risk Managed Income ETF2021-08
Equity (US)QSIQuantum-Si Incorporated Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)QSRRestaurant Brands International Inc.2014-12
Equity (US)GRMNGarmin Ltd2000-12
Equity (US)BSETBassett Furniture Industries, Incorporated Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)BSGARBlue Safari Group Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)CNDConcord Acquisition Corp.2021-01
Equity (US)BSGAUBlue Safari Group Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-06
Equity (US)BSGMBioSig Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2014-10
Equity (US)BSIGBrightSphere Investment Group Inc. Common Stock2014-10
Equity (US)EGYVaalco Energy, Inc.1993-01
Equity (US)EVCEntravision Communication2000-08
Equity (US)CNXCConcentrix Corporation Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)QFTAQuantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation2021-03
Equity (US)PLXSPlexus Corp. Common Stock1986-02
Equity (US)CNOBConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)KRTKarat Packaging Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)CNPCenterPoint Energy, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)COEChina Online Education Group American depositary shares, each representing 15 Class A ordinary share2016-06
Equity (US)IVCBUInvestcorp Europe Acquisition Corp I Unit2021-12
Equity (US)GATXGATX Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)APTVAptiv PLC2011-11
Equity (US)SWKStanley Black & Decker, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)CNDBConcord Acquisition Corp III2021-12
Equity (US)BSJMInvesco BulletShares 2022 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF2014-09
Equity (US)NBTXNanobiotix S.A. American Depositary Shares2020-12
Equity (US)CALMCal-Maine Foods, Inc. Common Stock1996-12
Equity (US)CAMPCalAmp Corp. Common Stock1983-12
Equity (US)CARECarter Bankshares, Inc. Common Stock2007-03
Equity (US)SNAPSnap Inc.2017-03
Equity (US)NCVVirtus Convertible & Income Fund2003-03
Equity (US)NCZVirtus Convertible & Income Fund II2003-07
Equity (US)NDACUNightDragon Acquisition Corp. SCALE Units2021-03
Equity (US)RSGRepublic Services Inc.1998-07
Equity (US)LYFTLyft, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-03
Equity (US)ECCCEagle Point Credit Company Inc. 6.50% Series C Term Preferred Stock due 20312021-06
Equity (US)FLUXFlux Power Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)FMSFresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA1996-09
Equity (US)FMTXForma Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)FMXFOMENTO ECONOMICO MEXICANO, S.A.B. DE C.V.1998-05
Equity (US)FNCHFinch Therapeutics Group, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)NDAQNasdaq, Inc. Common Stock2002-07
Equity (US)DODiamond Offshore Drilling, Inc.2022-03
Equity (US)JFINJiayin Group Inc. American Depositary Shares2019-05
Equity (US)JFRNuveen Floating Rate Income Fund2004-03
Equity (US)KRPKimbell Royalty Partners, LP Common Units representing Limited Partner Interests2017-02
Equity (US)SWIRSierra Wireless, Inc. Common Stock2000-05
Equity (US)DIAXNUVEEN DOW 30SM DYNAMIC OVERWRITE FUND2014-12
Equity (US)APOGApogee Enterprises, Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)KRGKite Realty Group Trust2004-08
Equity (US)CRISCuris, Inc. Common Stock2000-08
Equity (US)EMLDUFTAC Emerald Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)BSJTInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2029 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF2021-09
Equity (US)CRMDCorMedix Inc. Common Stock2010-05
Equity (US)CSTLCastle Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2019-07
Equity (US)CTAQCarney Technology Acquisition Corp. II Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)BSMOInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2024 Municipal Bond ETF2019-09
Equity (US)EQRRProShares Trust ProShares Equities for Rising Rates ETF2017-07
Equity (US)BSMPInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2025 Municipal Bond ETF2019-09
Equity (US)CARGCarGurus, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-10
Equity (US)HHyatt Hotels Corporation2009-11
Equity (US)HALHalliburton Company1979-12
Equity (US)COMSPComSovereign Holding Corp. 9.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2021-10
Equity (US)COMTiShares U.S. ETF Trust iShares GSCI Commodity Dynamic Roll Strategy ETF2014-10
Equity (US)CONXCONX Corp. Class A Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)TCDATricida, Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)TCFCThe Community Financial Corporation Common Stock2006-01
Equity (US)CRGECharge Enterprises, Inc. Common Stock2006-11
Equity (US)KPLTKatapult Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2019-12
Equity (US)SWIMLatham Group, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)JUGGUJaws Juggernaut Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-06
Equity (US)JUNJuniper II Corp.2021-12
Equity (US)JUPWJupiter Wellness, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)NLSNautilus, Inc.1999-05
Equity (US)SWISolarWinds Corporation Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)TEITempleton Emerging Markets Income Fund1993-09
Equity (US)TFIITFI International Inc.2005-11
Equity (US)TGHTextainer Group Holdings limited2007-10
Equity (US)TGLSTecnoglass Inc.2012-05
Equity (US)BSMQInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2026 Municipal Bond ETF2019-09
Equity (US)BSMRInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2027 Municipal Bond ETF2019-09
Equity (US)BSMSInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2028 Municipal Bond ETF2019-09
Equity (US)BSMTInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2029 Municipal Bond ETF2019-09
Equity (US)BSMUInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2030 Municipal Bond ETF2020-10
Equity (US)BSMXBanco Santander Mexico, S, A., Institucion de Banca Multiple, Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico2012-09
Equity (US)BSTBlackRock Science and Technology Trust2014-10
Equity (US)BSTZBlackRock Science and Technology Trust II2019-06
Equity (US)QUOTQuotient Technology Inc2014-03
Equity (US)SWETUAthlon Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)ILPTIndustrial Logistics Properties Trust Common Shares of Beneficial Interest2018-01
Equity (US)TGSTransportadora de Gas del Sur S.A. ADS1994-11
Equity (US)AZTAAzenta, Inc.1995-02
Equity (US)YELPYELP INC.2012-03
Equity (US)YGMZMingZhu Logistics Holdings Limited Ordinary Shares2020-10
Equity (US)BSVNBank7 Corp. Common stock2018-09
Equity (US)BSYBentley Systems, Incorporated Class B Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)DMBBNY Mellon Municipal Bond Infrastructure Fund, Inc.2013-04
Equity (US)AMRCAmeresco, Inc.2010-07
Equity (US)CBAYCymaBay Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)NDMONuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund Common Shares of Beneficial Interest2020-08
Equity (US)NDPTORTOISE ENERGY INDEPENDENCE FUND, INC.2012-07
Equity (US)NDRAENDRA Life Sciences Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)NDSNNordson Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)NECBNorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2006-07
Equity (US)CRHCRH Public Limited Company1989-07
Equity (US)CUZCousins Properties Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)QCRHQCR Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1993-10
Equity (US)APNApeiron Capital Investment Corp2021-12
Equity (US)FCBCFirst Community Bankshares, Inc. (VA) Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)KNSWKnightSwan Acquisition Corporation2022-03
Equity (US)FCNFTI Consulting, Inc.1996-05
Equity (US)FCRDFirst Eagle Alternative Capital BDC, Inc. Common Stock2010-04
Equity (US)HAPPHappiness Development Group Limited Class A Ordinary Shares2019-10
Equity (US)BTABlackrock Long-Term Municipal Advantage Trust2006-02
Equity (US)BTAIBioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)JVACoffee Holding Co., Inc. Common Stock2005-05
Equity (US)JWACJupiter Wellness Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)BTBDBT Brands, Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)HASHasbro, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)FCTFirst Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II2004-05
Equity (US)YI111, Inc. American Depositary Shares2018-09
Equity (US)CUENCuentas, Inc. Common Stock2008-10
Equity (US)CZNCCitizens & Northern Corp Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)RKTARocket Internet Growth Opportunities Corp.2021-05
Equity (US)SMIHSummit Healthcare Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-08
Equity (US)KNKNOWLES CORPORATION2014-02
Equity (US)NEGGNewegg Commerce, Inc. Common Shares2010-04
Equity (US)BTBTBit Digital, Inc. Ordinary Shares2018-03
Equity (US)BTCMBIT Mining Limited2013-11
Equity (US)TRNTrinity Industries, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)TPICTPI Composites, Inc. Common Stock2016-07
Equity (US)BTCSBTCS Inc. Common Stock2010-11
Equity (US)BTCYBiotricity, Inc. Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)CZOOCazoo Group Ltd2020-12
Equity (US)CZWICitizens Community Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2004-03
Equity (US)EFTReFFECTOR Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)EGRXEagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)RILYOB. Riley Financial, Inc. 6.75% Senior Notes due 20242019-05
Equity (US)RILYPB. Riley Financial, Inc. Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1000th fractional interest in a share of Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2019-10
Equity (US)SANBanco Santander S.A.1987-07
Equity (US)TILInstil Bio, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)TILEInterface, Inc. Common Stock1983-04
Equity (US)TTDThe Trade Desk, Inc. Class A Common Stock2016-09
Equity (US)TTITETRA Technologies, Inc.1990-04
Equity (US)TTMTata Motors Limited2004-09
Equity (US)TTMITTM Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2000-09
Equity (US)UPWheels Up Experience Inc.2020-11
Equity (US)UNVRUnivar Solutions Inc.2015-06
Equity (US)UNTYUnity Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1997-01
Equity (US)LYELLyell Immunopharma, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)CVXChevron Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)NTAPNetApp, Inc. Common Stock1995-11
Equity (US)CYHCommunity Health Systems, Inc.2000-06
Equity (US)HAYWHayward Holdings, Inc.2021-03
Equity (US)TIMBTIM S.A. American Depositary Shares (Each representing 5 Common Shares)1998-11
Equity (US)TIVCTivic Health Systems, Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)TIXTTELUS International (Cda) Inc. Subordinate Voting Shares2021-02
Equity (US)KHCThe Kraft Heinz Company Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)BTECPrincipal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal Healthcare Innovators ETF2016-08
Equity (US)BTFValkyrie ETF Trust II Valkyrie Bitcoin Strategy ETF2021-10
Equity (US)KFFBKentucky First Federal Bancorp Common Stock2005-03
Equity (US)BTOJohn Hancock Financial Opportunities Fund1994-08
Equity (US)KFRCKforce, Inc. Common Stock1995-08
Equity (US)KFSKingsway Financial Services, Inc.2001-07
Equity (US)KFYKorn Ferry1999-02
Equity (US)KIIIKismet Acquisition Three Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)KIMKimco Realty Corp.1991-11
Equity (US)KIOKKR INCOME OPPORTUNITIES FUND2013-07
Equity (US)KIRKKirkland's, Inc. COMMONSTOCK2002-07
Equity (US)KKRKKR & Co. Inc.2010-07
Equity (US)KLACKLA Corporation Common Stock1980-10
Equity (US)KLAQKL Acquisition Corp Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)NESRNational Energy Services Reunited Corp. Ordinary Shares2017-06
Equity (US)ABGIABG Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)ALXAlexander's Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)BTRSBTRS Holdings Inc. Class 1 Common Stock2019-08
Equity (US)KLAQUKL Acquisition Corp Unit2021-01
Equity (US)KMDAKamada Ltd. Ordinary Shares2013-05
Equity (US)KNBEKnowBe4, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)KNDIKandi Technologies Group, Inc Common Stock2007-09
Equity (US)BUGGlobal X Funds Global X Cybersecurity ETF2019-11
Equity (US)BUIBlackRock Utilities, Infrastructure & Power Opportunities Trust2011-11
Equity (US)ORealty Income Corporation1994-10
Equity (US)CNSPCNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)RLAYRelay Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)ABIOARCA biopharma, Inc. Common Stock1997-08
Equity (US)RLJRLJ Lodging Trust2011-05
Equity (US)IGNYUIgnyte Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)GECCOGreat Elm Capital Corp. 5.875% Notes due 20262021-06
Equity (US)NETCloudflare, Inc. Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share2019-09
Equity (US)SMIHUSummit Healthcare Acquisition Corp. Units2021-06
Equity (US)SMPLThe Simply Good Foods Company Common Stock2017-07
Equity (US)SMRNuScale Power Corporation2022-03
Equity (US)SNAXStryve Foods, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-03
Equity (US)SNBRSleep Number Corporation Common Stock1998-12
Equity (US)KODKEASTMAN KODAK COMPANY2013-09
Equity (US)KOSSKoss Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)SNCEScience 37 Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)TLGYUTLGY Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-12
Equity (US)DAKTDaktronics, Inc. Common Stock1994-02
Equity (US)BURBurford Capital Limited2020-10
Equity (US)BURLBURLINGTON STORES, INC.2013-10
Equity (US)BUSEFirst Busey Corporation Class A Common Stock1998-10
Equity (US)CATCCambridge Bancorp Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)CRKNCrown Electrokinetics Corp. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)NEWRNew Relic, Inc.2014-12
Equity (US)NEWTNewtek Business Services Corp. Common Stock (Maryland)2000-09
Equity (US)TLSTelos Corporation Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)SSKNStrata Skin Sciences, Inc. Common Stock2005-11
Equity (US)CRMSalesforce, Inc.2004-06
Equity (US)VCKAVickers Vantage Corp. I Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)VCXA10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II Class A Ordinary Share2021-10
Equity (US)SHCRSharecare, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)IRENIris Energy Limited Ordinary Shares2021-11
Equity (US)ILMNIllumina, Inc. Common Stock2000-07
Equity (US)IEXIDEX Corporation1989-06
Equity (US)ASGLIBERTY ALL-STAR GROWTH FD1986-03
Equity (US)ASGIabrdn Global Infrastructure Income Fund2020-07
Equity (US)BVBrightView Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)CATHGlobal X Funds Global X S&P 500 Catholic Values ETF2016-04
Equity (US)TMCTMC the metals company Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)VCYTVeracyte, Inc. Common Stock2013-10
Equity (US)TMCITreace Medical Concepts, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)VECOVeeco Instruments Inc. Common Stock1994-11
Equity (US)VECTVectivBio Holding AG Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)TMDITitan Medical Inc. Ordinary Shares2010-01
Equity (US)YJYunji Inc. American Depository Shares2019-05
Equity (US)TMDXTransMedics Group, Inc. Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)HBIOHarvard Bioscience, Inc. Common Stock2001-03
Equity (US)NEXINexImmune, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)DALDelta Air Lines, Inc.2007-05
Equity (US)DALIFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Dorsey Wright DALI 1 ETF2018-05
Equity (US)DECADenali Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-06
Equity (US)DESPDespegar.com, Corp.2017-09
Equity (US)DGLYDigital Ally, Inc. Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)DHCADHC Acquisition Corp. Class A ordinary share2021-04
Equity (US)KRKR36Kr Holdings Inc. American Depositary Shares2019-11
Equity (US)KRMAGlobal X Funds Global X Conscious Companies ETF2016-07
Equity (US)KRMDKORU Medical Systems, Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)KRONKronos Bio, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)NFBKNorthfield Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock (Delaware)2007-11
Equity (US)NFENew Fortress Energy Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-01
Equity (US)NFNTInfinite Acquisition Corp.2022-01
Equity (US)AURAurora Innovation, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)VVISA Inc.2008-03
Equity (US)VLATValor Latitude Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)VLATUValor Latitude Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-05
Equity (US)VLCNVolcon, Inc. Common stock2021-10
Equity (US)VLDVelo3D, Inc.2021-01
Equity (US)VLNValens Semiconductor Ltd.2021-09
Equity (US)VLNSThe Valens Company, Inc. Common Shares2021-12
Equity (US)AURAAura Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)STSASatsuma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2019-09
Equity (US)LXULSB INDUSTRIES INC1980-01
Equity (US)TRISTristar Acquisition I Corp.2021-12
Equity (US)BWACBetter World Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)BWGBrandywineGLOBAL Global Income Opportunities Fund Inc.2012-03
Equity (US)ETSYEtsy, Inc. Common Stock2015-04
Equity (US)EVRGEvergy, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)FSRXFinServ Acquisition Corp. II Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)RPAYRepay Holdings Corporation Class A Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)CBLCBL & Associates Properties, Inc.2021-11
Equity (US)RPTRPT Realty Common Shares of Beneficial Interest (MD)1988-12
Equity (US)TMETencent Music Entertainment Group American Depositary Shares, each representing two Class A Ordinary2018-12
Equity (US)LABStandard BioTools Inc. Common Stock2011-02
Equity (US)LANCLancaster Colony Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)LANDGladstone Land Corporation Common Stock2013-01
Equity (US)LANDMGladstone Land Corporation 5.00% Series D Cumulative Term Preferred Stock2021-01
Equity (US)DHXDHI Group, Inc.2007-07
Equity (US)AKRAcadia Realty Trust1993-05
Equity (US)BOXLBoxlight Corporation Class A Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)BPACBullpen Parlay Acquisition Company Class A Ordinary Share2022-01
Equity (US)BPACUBullpen Parlay Acquisition Company Unit2021-12
Equity (US)BIPHBrookfield Infrastructure Finance ULC 5.000% Subordinated Notes due 20812021-05
Equity (US)DHCNIDiversified Healthcare Trust 5.625% Senior Notes due 20422012-07
Equity (US)CHRSCoherus BioSciences, Inc. Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)CSGPCoStar Group, Inc. Common Stock1998-07
Equity (US)DMYSdMY Technology Group, Inc. VI2021-11
Equity (US)BWVBlue Water Vaccines, Inc. Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)BWXTBWX Technologies, Inc.2010-08
Equity (US)LEGALead Edge Growth Opportunities, Ltd Class A Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)CCSCENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC.2014-06
Equity (US)BNOXBionomics Limited American Depository Shares2021-12
Equity (US)DLCADeep Lake Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)DLCAUDeep Lake Capital Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)DMADestra Multi-Alternative Fund2022-01
Equity (US)BNRBurning Rock Biotech Limited American Depositary Shares2020-06
Equity (US)CRWDCrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)LFUSLittelfuse, Inc. Common Stock1992-09
Equity (US)LFVNLifevantage Corporation Common Stock (Delaware)1994-04
Equity (US)LXRXLexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2000-04
Equity (US)EDUNew Oriental Education and Technology Group, Inc. American Depositary Shares (each representing ten2006-09
Equity (US)BRFSBRF - Brasil Foods S.A.2000-10
Equity (US)DHCNLDiversified Healthcare Trust 6.25% Senior Notes Due 20462022-11
Equity (US)DOGZDogness (International) Corporation Class A Common Stock2017-12
Equity (US)EHEHang Holdings Limited ADS2019-12
Equity (US)EHCEncompass Health Corporation Common Stock1986-09
Equity (US)EICAEagle Point Income Company Inc. 5.00% Series A Term Preferred Stock due 20262021-10
Equity (US)ELThe Estee Lauder Companies Inc. Class A1995-11
Equity (US)FFICFlushing Financial Corporation Common Stock1995-11
Equity (US)FFIEFaraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)FGMCFG Merger Corp. Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)HNRGHallador Energy Company Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)FHTXFoghorn Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)QCOMQUALCOMM Incorporated Common Stock1991-12
Equity (US)DEDeere & Company1979-12
Equity (US)TOMZTOMI Environmental Solutions, Inc. Common Stock2008-06
Equity (US)BYNObyNordic Acquisition Corporation Class A Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)BYRNByrna Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2006-09
Equity (US)BYTSBYTE Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)EUCRUEucrates Biomedical Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-10
Equity (US)EXPIeXp World Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)FJPFirst Trust Japan AlphaDEX Fund2011-04
Equity (US)GEVOGevo, Inc. Common Stock2011-02
Equity (US)HCIHCI Group, Inc.2008-09
Equity (US)AMSFAMERISAFE, Inc. Common Stock2005-11
Equity (US)LITTLogistics Innovation Technologies Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)LMACULiberty Media Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-01
Equity (US)LMAOLMF Acquisition Opportunities Inc. Class A common stock2021-03
Equity (US)LQDALiquidia Corporation Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)ANGOAngioDynamics, Inc. Common Stock2004-06
Equity (US)NMTNuveen Massachusetts Quality Municipal Income Fund1993-03
Equity (US)NMTCNeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)NMTR9 Meters Biopharma, Inc. Common Stock2016-07
Equity (US)WINCLegg Mason ETF Investment Trust Western Asset Short Duration Income ETF2019-02
Equity (US)SPESpecial Opportunities Fund, Inc.1993-05
Equity (US)CAGConagra Brands, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)CAHCardinal Health, Inc.1983-08
Equity (US)SWETAthlon Acquisition Corp. Class A Common stock2021-03
Equity (US)NOACUNatural Order Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-11
Equity (US)CDLVictoryShares US Large Cap High Div Volatility Wtd ETF2015-07
Equity (US)BYMBLACKROCK MUNICIPAL INCOME QUALITY TRUST2002-10
Equity (US)DTCSolo Brands, Inc.2021-10
Equity (US)BYNBanyan Acquisition Corporation2022-03
Equity (US)BYSIBeyondSpring Inc. Ordinary Shares2017-03
Equity (US)CADLCandel Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)CCVChurchill Capital Corp V2021-02
Equity (US)ABNBAirbnb, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)ABSIAbsci Corporation Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)TOPZhong Yang Financial Group Limited Ordinary Shares2022-06
Equity (US)DSGXDescartes Systems Group Inc. (The) Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)CCOICogent Communications Holdings, Inc.2002-02
Equity (US)SWEBInvestment Managers Series Trust II AXS Short China Internet ETF2022-05
Equity (US)SWBISmith & Wesson Brands, Inc. Common Stock1999-08
Equity (US)LYGLloyds Banking Group PLC2001-11
Equity (US)LYLDragon Victory International Limited Ordinary Shares2017-10
Equity (US)DALNDallasNews Corporation Series A Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)LYRALyra Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-05
Equity (US)LYTLytus Technologies Holdings PTV. Ltd. Common Shares2022-06
Equity (US)LYTSLSI Industries Inc. Common Stock1985-03
Equity (US)LXFRLuxfer Holdings PLC Ordinary Shares2012-10
Equity (US)AIRAAR Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)CAKECheesecake Factory Incorporated (The) Common Stock1992-09
Equity (US)CCRDCoreCard Corporation1987-01
Equity (US)DTDynatrace, Inc.2019-08
Equity (US)GECCNGreat Elm Capital Corp. 6.5% Notes due 20242019-06
Equity (US)HGVHilton Grand Vacations Inc. Common Stock2017-01
Equity (US)MTALMetals Acquisition Corp2021-09
Equity (US)VMEOVimeo, Inc. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)WNCWabash National Corp.1991-11
Equity (US)WNDYGlobal X Funds Global X Wind Energy ETF2021-09
Equity (US)WNNRAndretti Acquisition Corp.2022-03
Equity (US)LXEHLixiang Education Holding Co., Ltd. American Depositary Shares2020-10
Equity (US)WOLFWolfspeed, Inc.1993-02
Equity (US)HRIHerc Holdings Inc.2006-11
Equity (US)MATMattel, Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)MATXMatsons, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)MAVPioneer Municipal High Income Advantage Fund, Inc.2003-10
Equity (US)PPYAPapaya Growth Opportunity Corp. I Class A Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)MAYSJ. W. Mays, Inc. Common Stock1984-12
Equity (US)MBBiShares MBS ETF2007-03
Equity (US)CUECue Biopharma, Inc. Common Stock2018-01
Equity (US)CALTCalliditas Therapeutics AB American Depositary Shares2020-06
Equity (US)CAMTCamtek Ltd. Ordinary Shares2000-07
Equity (US)IKTInhibikase Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)CUKCarnival PLC2000-10
Equity (US)CCVIChurchill Capital Corp VI2021-04
Equity (US)TRSTriMas Corporation Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)EMLEastern Company (The) Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)FLTFleetCor Technologies, Inc.2010-12
Equity (US)AMXAmerica Movil S.A.B de C.V2001-02
Equity (US)AMYTAmryt Pharma plc American Depositary Shares2020-07
Equity (US)ANDEAndersons, Inc. (The) Common Stock1996-02
Equity (US)ANEBAnebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)MBIMBIA Inc.1987-07
Equity (US)MBINNMerchants Bancorp Depositary Shares Preferred Series C2021-03
Equity (US)MBINOMerchants Bancorp Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1/40th Interest in a Share of Series B  Fixed-to-Floating Rate2019-08
Equity (US)ANGHAnghami Inc. Ordinary Shares2020-08
Equity (US)ANGIAngi Inc. Class A Common Stock2011-11
Equity (US)TRVNTrevena, Inc. Common Stock2014-01
Equity (US)ANIKAnika Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock1993-05
Equity (US)YMTXYumanity Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2016-02
Equity (US)ANIPANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.2000-05
Equity (US)FLYASOAR Technology Acquisition Corp.2021-11
Equity (US)WORXSCWorx Corp. Common Stock2016-10
Equity (US)CANCanaan Inc. American Depositary Shares2019-11
Equity (US)MBINPMerchants Bancorp 7.00% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2019-03
Equity (US)CARRCarrier Global Corporation2020-03
Equity (US)SSentinelOne, Inc.2021-06
Equity (US)CARSCars.com Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)CARVCarver Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1994-10
Equity (US)ANIXAnixa Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock1983-10
Equity (US)APDAir Products & Chemicals, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)APMIAxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)YNDXYandex N.V. Class A Ordinary Shares2011-05
Equity (US)XDNAKelly Strategic ETF Trust Kelly CRISPR & Gene Editing Technology ETF2022-01
Equity (US)ESRTEMPIRE STATE REALTY TRUST, INC.2013-10
Equity (US)APPApplovin Corporation Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)APTMUAlpha Partners Technology Merger Corp. Unit2021-07
Equity (US)APTOAptose Biosciences, Inc. Common Shares1992-03
Equity (US)TOPSTOP Ships, Inc. Common Stock2004-08
Equity (US)MEACUMercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp Unit2021-07
Equity (US)MEDMedifast, Inc.1993-12
Equity (US)MEDPMedpace Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2016-08
Equity (US)WOWWideOpenWest, Inc. Common Stock2017-05
Equity (US)WPCW.P. Carey Inc. (REIT)1998-01
Equity (US)CNMCore & Main, Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)WPCAWarburg Pincus Capital Corporation I-A2021-04
Equity (US)SVCService Properties Trust Common Stock1995-08
Equity (US)CARZFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund II First Trust S-Network Future Vehicles & Technology ETF2011-05
Equity (US)XCURExicure, Inc. Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)BOSCB.O.S. Better Online Solutions Common Stock1996-04
Equity (US)CERECerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)WPMWheaton Precious Metals Corp. Common Stock2005-07
Equity (US)WQGAWorld Quantum Growth Acquisition Corp.2021-10
Equity (US)PPYAUPapaya Growth Opportunity Corp. I Unit2022-01
Equity (US)SPCXThe SPAC and New Issue ETF2020-12
Equity (US)CNFRLConifer Holdings, Inc. 6.75% Senior Unsecured Notes due 20232018-10
Equity (US)APXIAPx Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Share2022-01
Equity (US)APXIUAPx Acquisition Corp. I Unit2021-12
Equity (US)FFFuture Fuel Corporation2011-03
Equity (US)ARDXArdelyx, Inc. Common Stock2014-06
Equity (US)FFAFirst Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund.2004-08
Equity (US)FORForestar Group Inc.2007-12
Equity (US)ARGUArgus Capital Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)IIPRInnovative Industrial Properties, Inc. Common stock2016-12
Equity (US)ARGXargenx SE American Depositary Shares2017-05
Equity (US)ARHSArhaus, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)CONXUCONX Corp. Unit2020-10
Equity (US)ETNEaton Corporation, plc Ordinary Shares1979-12
Equity (US)SPCMSound Point Acquisition Corp I, Ltd Class A Ordinary Share2022-04
Equity (US)PRPHProPhase Labs, Inc. Common Stock (DE)1994-04
Equity (US)SUZSuzano S.A. American Depositary Shares (each representing one Ordinary Share ) representing one Ordi2008-11
Equity (US)CLWTEuro Tech Holdings Company Limited Common Stock1997-03
Equity (US)SPCEVirgin Galactic Holdings, Inc.2017-09
Equity (US)ESACESGEN Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)SUSLiShares Trust iShares ESG MSCI USA Leaders ETF2019-05
Equity (US)FFIVF5, Inc. Common Stock1999-06
Equity (US)SUSCiShares Trust iShares ESG Aware USD Corporate Bond ETF2017-07
Equity (US)CLARClarus Corporation Common Stock1998-05
Equity (US)SURGSurgePays, Inc. Common Stock2018-01
Equity (US)CBRLCracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc Common Stock1981-11
Equity (US)FIVNFive9, Inc. Common Stock2014-04
Equity (US)SURFSurface Oncology, Inc. Common Stock2018-04
Equity (US)KGCKinross Gold Corporation1981-03
Equity (US)EZPWEZCORP, Inc. Class A Non Voting Common Stock1991-08
Equity (US)SILCSilicom Ltd Ordinary Shares1994-02
Equity (US)ARIAPOLLO COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE FINANCE, INC.2009-09
Equity (US)ARIZUArisz Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)AUPHAurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc Ordinary Shares2014-09
Equity (US)CNSCohen & Steers Inc.2004-08
Equity (US)YORWYork Water Company (The) Common Stock1999-05
Equity (US)CNSLConsolidated Communications Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2005-07
Equity (US)CNTQUChardan NexTech Acquisition 2 Corp. Unit2021-08
Equity (US)SUPNSupernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2012-05
Equity (US)COTYCOTY INC2013-06
Equity (US)DXPEDXP Enterprises, Inc. Common Stock1998-05
Equity (US)CCAICascadia Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)SIMOSilicon Motion Technology Corporation American Depositary Shares2005-06
Equity (US)COINCoinbase Global, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)MNMDMind Medicine (MindMed) Inc. Common Shares2016-11
Equity (US)SUPSuperior Industries International, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)IHTAInvesco High Income 2024 Target Term Fund2017-11
Equity (US)BAOSBaosheng Media Group Holdings Limited Ordinary shares2021-02
Equity (US)ECOMCHANNELADVISOR CORPORATION2013-05
Equity (US)EDNCEndurance Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-11
Equity (US)CCAPCrescent Capital BDC, Inc. Common stock2020-02
Equity (US)CPAAUConyers Park III Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-08
Equity (US)TSNTyson Foods, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)YOTAYotta Acquisition Corporation Common Stock2022-06
Equity (US)CLINRClean Earth Acquisitions Corp. Right2022-04
Equity (US)YOTARYotta Acquisition Corporation Right2022-11
Equity (US)YOTAUYotta Acquisition Corporation Unit2022-04
Equity (US)YOUClear Secure, Inc.2021-06
Equity (US)YPFYPF Sociedad Anonima1993-06
Equity (US)CPIXCumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock2009-08
Equity (US)SUNWSunworks, Inc. Common Stock2010-03
Equity (US)BBDOBanco Bradesco S.A. American Depositary Shares (Each representing one  Common Share, no par value)2012-03
Equity (US)MLRMiller Industries, Inc.1994-08
Equity (US)MMMBMamaMancini's Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)TSPTuSimple Holdings Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)YQ17 Education & Technology Group Inc. American Depositary Shares2020-12
Equity (US)YRDYiren Digital Ltd.2015-12
Equity (US)CIZVictoryShares Developed Enhanced Volatility Wtd ETF2014-10
Equity (US)YSGYatsen Holding Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing four Class A ordinary shares2020-11
Equity (US)BBVABanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.1988-12
Equity (US)YTENYield10 Bioscience, Inc. Common Stock2006-11
Equity (US)CODACoda Octopus Group, Inc. Common stock2001-07
Equity (US)BCABBioAtla, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)IHSIHS Holding Limited2021-10
Equity (US)FEPFirst Trust Europe AlphaDEX Fund2011-04
Equity (US)ENBAEnbridge Inc. 6.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Series 2018-B due 20782018-04
Equity (US)FPFFIRST TRUST INTERMEDIATE DURATION PREFERRED & INCOME FUND2013-05
Equity (US)FRWAUPWP Forward Acquisition Corp. I Units2021-03
Equity (US)CCLCarnival Corporation1987-07
Equity (US)CCMConcord Medical Services Holding Limited2009-12
Equity (US)BEDUBright Scholar Education Holdings Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing one Class A2017-05
Equity (US)BERYBerry Global Group, Inc.2012-10
Equity (US)BGFVBig 5 Sporting Goods Corporation Common Stock2002-06
Equity (US)BGYBlackRock Enhanced International Dividend Trust2007-05
Equity (US)BHBiglari Holdings Inc. Class B Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)IJTiShares S&P SmallCap 600 Growth ETF2000-07
Equity (US)EEFTEuronet Worldwide, Inc. Common Stock1997-03
Equity (US)EOTEATON VANCE NATIONAL MUNICIPAL OPPORTUNITIES TRUST2009-05
Equity (US)SUNLSunlight Financial Holdings, Inc.2021-01
Equity (US)FOUNUFounder SPAC Units2021-10
Equity (US)SDGRSchrodinger, Inc. Common Stock2020-02
Equity (US)CABOCable One, Inc.2015-06
Equity (US)ARCOARCOS DORADOS HOLDINGS INC.2011-04
Equity (US)BHACUCrixus BH3 Acquisition Company Units2021-10
Equity (US)MMSIMerit Medical Systems, Inc. Common Stock1990-05
Equity (US)MMTMFS Multimarket Income Trust Shares of Beneficial Interest1987-03
Equity (US)MMUWestern Asset Managed Municipals Fund, Inc1992-07
Equity (US)MNDOMIND C.T.I. Ltd. Ordinary Shares2000-08
Equity (US)CCRNCross Country Healthcare, Inc. Common Stock $0.0001 Par Value2001-10
Equity (US)AOGOUArogo Capital Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)BHCBausch Health Companies Inc.1994-03
Equity (US)BTWNUBridgetown Holdings Limited Units2020-10
Equity (US)FTXRFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Nasdaq Transportation ETF2016-09
Equity (US)KKellogg Company1979-12
Equity (US)KENKENON HOLDINGS LTD.2015-01
Equity (US)MODDModular Medical, Inc. Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)MODNMODEL N, INC.2013-03
Equity (US)IGTAInception Growth Acquisition Limited Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)IGSBiShares Trust iShares 1-5 Year Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF2007-01
Equity (US)YTPGTPG Pace Beneficial II Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)BHFAMBrighthouse Financial, Inc. Depositary shares each representing a 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 4.625% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D2021-11
Equity (US)SASeabridge Gold, Inc.2004-04
Equity (US)ACCDAccolade, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)IGRCBRE Global Real Estate Income Fund2004-02
Equity (US)WGOWinnebago Industries, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)BHFANBrighthouse Financial, Inc. Depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 5.375% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C2020-11
Equity (US)BIVIBioVie Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)BKCCBlackRock Capital Investment Corporation Common Stock2007-06
Equity (US)IKNAIkena Oncology, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)SUNSUNOCO L.P.2012-09
Equity (US)XAIRBeyond Air, Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)EIXEdison International1979-12
Equity (US)EJHE-Home Household Service Holdings Limited Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)ABBABB Ltd.2001-04
Equity (US)CCXIChemoCentryx, Inc. Common Stock2004-05
Equity (US)ACAArcosa, Inc. Common Stock2018-11
Equity (US)SUMOSumo Logic, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)CCZComcast Holdings Corp. 2.0% Exchangeable Subordinated Debentures due October 15, 2029 (ZONES)2020-01
Equity (US)ERASErasca, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)ERESUEast Resources Acquisition Company Unit2020-07
Equity (US)ERFEnerplus Corporation2000-11
Equity (US)SUMSummit Materials, Inc. Class A Common Stock2015-03
Equity (US)CYRNCYREN Ltd. Ordinary Shares1999-07
Equity (US)SUISun Communities, Inc1993-12
Equity (US)YTRAYatra Online, Inc. Ordinary Shares2016-12
Equity (US)PHCFPuhui Wealth Investment Management Co., Ltd. Ordinary Shares2019-01
Equity (US)OVVOvintiv Inc.2002-04
Equity (US)SIGISelective Insurance Group, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)CDChindata Group Holdings Limited American Depositary Shares2020-09
Equity (US)CDCVictoryShares US EQ Income Enhanced Volatility Wtd ETF2014-07
Equity (US)QCLRGlobal X Funds Global X NASDAQ 100 Collar 95-110 ETF2021-08
Equity (US)BEPBrookfield Renewable Partners L.P.2005-11
Equity (US)BSMMInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2022 Municipal Bond ETF2019-09
Equity (US)MTCNArcelorMittal 5.50% Mandatorily Convertible Subordinated Notes due 20232020-05
Equity (US)MTCRMetacrine, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)MTDRMATADOR RESOURCES COMPANY2012-02
Equity (US)MTHMeritage Homes Corporation1988-07
Equity (US)SIGASIGA Technologies Inc. Common Stock1997-09
Equity (US)QABAFirst Trust NASDAQ ABA Community Bank Index Fund2009-07
Equity (US)FWRDForward Air Corporation Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)SIGSignet Jewelers Limited1988-07
Equity (US)TROXTRONOX LIMITED CL A ORDINARY SHARES2010-12
Equity (US)XUnited States Steel Corporation1991-04
Equity (US)SUACShoulderUp Technology Acquisition Corp.2022-01
Equity (US)SPBSpectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)TRPTC Energy Corporation1982-09
Equity (US)SUSuncor Energy, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)MVOMV Oil Trust2007-01
Equity (US)MXEThe Mexico Equity and Income Fund, Inc.1990-08
Equity (US)MYDBlackrock Muniyield Fund, Inc.1991-12
Equity (US)UBCPUnited Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1993-03
Equity (US)TRQTurquoise Hill Resources Ltd2003-11
Equity (US)CDECoeur Mining, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)CHTCHUNGHWA TELECOM CO., LTD2003-07
Equity (US)BEPCBrookfield Renewable Corporation Class A Subordinate Voting Shares2020-07
Equity (US)GFORGraf Acquisition Corp. IV2021-07
Equity (US)GHACGaming & Hospitality Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)BFSSaul Centers, Inc.1993-08
Equity (US)BTIBritish American Tobacco p.l.c. American Depositary Shares, American Depositary Shares, each represe1980-04
Equity (US)BWAQBlue World Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2022-03
Equity (US)PZNPzena Investment Management, Inc. Class A2007-10
Equity (US)STZConstellation Brands, Inc.1992-03
Equity (US)STXSeagate Technology Holdings PLC Ordinary Shares (Ireland)2002-12
Equity (US)ALPPAlpine 4 Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-01
Equity (US)MYEMyers Industries, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)BOWLBowlero Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)BRKRBruker Corporation Common Stock2000-08
Equity (US)BROGBrooge Energy Limited Ordinary Shares2018-07
Equity (US)BWAQRBlue World Acquisition Corporation Right2022-11
Equity (US)BWAQUBlue World Acquisition Corporation Unit2022-01
Equity (US)BWAYBrainsway Ltd. American Depositary Shares2019-04
Equity (US)BWBBridgewater Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)BYNOUbyNordic Acquisition Corporation Units2022-02
Equity (US)CASHMeta Financial Group, Inc. Common Stock1993-09
Equity (US)ESABESAB Corporation2022-03
Equity (US)ESGDiShares Trust iShares ESG Aware MSCI EAFE ETF2016-08
Equity (US)ESGEiShares, Inc. iShares ESG Aware MSCI EM ETF2016-07
Equity (US)ESNTEssent Group LTD2013-10
Equity (US)ESSCUEast Stone Acquisition Corporation Unit2020-02
Equity (US)ETRNEquitrans Midstream Corporation Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)HPXHPX Corp.2020-09
Equity (US)CEFAGlobal X Funds Global X S&P Catholic Values Developed ex-U.S. ETF2020-06
Equity (US)CHKChesapeake Energy Corporation Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)CASYCasey's General Stores, Inc. Common Stock1983-10
Equity (US)NIEVirtus Equity & Convertible Income Fund2007-02
Equity (US)CHXChampionX Corporation Common Stock2018-04
Equity (US)NIMNuveen Select Maturities Municipal Fund1992-09
Equity (US)NIONIO Inc. American depositary shares, each representing one Class A ordinary share2018-09
Equity (US)FWONALiberty Media Corporation Series A Liberty Formula One Common Stock2013-01
Equity (US)CBATCBAK Energy Technology, Inc. Common Stock2005-02
Equity (US)IGACUIG Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-10
Equity (US)CBDCompanhia Brasileira de Distribuicao1996-03
Equity (US)CMCTPCreative Media & Community Trust Corporation Series L Preferred Stock2018-10
Equity (US)PTONPeloton Interactive, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-09
Equity (US)BHKBLACKROCK CORE BD TR2001-11
Equity (US)ABUSArbutus Biopharma Corporation Common Stock2007-07
Equity (US)UNPUnion Pacific Corp.1980-01
Equity (US)CALXCALIX, INC.2010-03
Equity (US)CTRMCastor Maritime Inc. Common Shares2019-02
Equity (US)NMCONuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund2019-09
Equity (US)NMFCNew Mountain Finance Corporation Common Stock2011-05
Equity (US)CNNECannae Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)AHRNUAhren Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)BOXBOX, INC.2015-01
Equity (US)EMBKEmbark Technology, Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)EMDWestern Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund, Inc2003-12
Equity (US)EMFTempleton Emerging Markets Fund1987-02
Equity (US)EMIFiShares Emerging Markets Infrastructure ETF2009-06
Equity (US)EVRIEveri Holdings Inc2005-09
Equity (US)SCHLScholastic Corporation Common Stock1992-02
Equity (US)STRSitio Royalties Corp.2017-10
Equity (US)HESHess Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)WGMIValkyrie ETF Trust II Valkyrie Bitcoin Miners ETF2022-02
Equity (US)YUMYum! Brands, Inc.1997-09
Equity (US)LXLexinFintech Holdings Ltd. American Depositary Shares2017-12
Equity (US)YUMCYum China Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2016-10
Equity (US)EVOJUEvo Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)EWCZEuropean Wax Center, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)ADIAnalog Devices, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)LWLGLightwave Logic, Inc. Common Stock2006-05
Equity (US)EWTXEdgewise Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)CEGConstellation Energy Corporation Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)CELHCelsius Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2007-01
Equity (US)YVRLiquid Media Group Ltd. Common Shares1993-08
Equity (US)UNFUnifirst Corp1984-01
Equity (US)STWDSTARWOOD PROPERTY TRUST, INC.2009-08
Equity (US)PLUGPlug Power, Inc. Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)CULLCullman Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2009-10
Equity (US)TRMDTORM plc Class A Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)TRMKTrustmark Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)CELZCreative Medical Technology Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2015-11
Equity (US)CEMClearBridge MLP and Midstream Fund Inc.2010-06
Equity (US)CENCenter Coast Brookfield MLP & Energy Infrastructure Fund2013-09
Equity (US)CEVACEVA, Inc. Common Stock2002-11
Equity (US)CGABLThe Carlyle Group Inc. 4.625% Subordinated Notes due 20612021-05
Equity (US)CGEMCullinan Oncology, Inc. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)ABCAmerisourceBergen Corp.1995-04
Equity (US)CGENCompugen Ltd. Ordinary Shares2000-08
Equity (US)CLBTCellebrite DI Ltd. Ordinary Shares2020-11
Equity (US)TRMRTremor International Ltd. American Depository Shares2021-06
Equity (US)CVLGCovenant Logistics Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock1994-10
Equity (US)EMLDFTAC Emerald Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)EMNEastman Chemical Company1993-12
Equity (US)ENFNEnfusion, Inc.2021-10
Equity (US)ENTGEntegris, Inc. Common Stock2000-07
Equity (US)DFINDonnelley Financial Solutions, Inc.2016-09
Equity (US)CHRDChord Energy Corporation Common Stock2010-06
Equity (US)AEGAEGON N.V.1985-06
Equity (US)LWAYLifeway Foods, Inc. Common Stock1988-12
Equity (US)EOGEOG Resources, Inc.1989-10
Equity (US)EOIEaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund2004-10
Equity (US)EOSEEos Energy Enterprises, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)EPAMEPAM SYSTEMS, INC.2012-02
Equity (US)CASSCass Information Systems, Inc Common Stock1996-07
Equity (US)CATYCathay General Bancorp Common Stock1990-12
Equity (US)CBNKCapital Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2018-09
Equity (US)DLTRDollar Tree Inc. Common Stock1995-03
Equity (US)CENQUCENAQ Energy Corp. Unit2021-08
Equity (US)PTNRPartner Communications Company Ltd. American Depositary Shares1999-10
Equity (US)PNNTPennant Investment Corp2007-04
Equity (US)AFBIAffinity Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock (MD)2017-04
Equity (US)LAKELakeland Industries, Inc. Common Stock1986-09
Equity (US)SHCASpindletop Health Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)CYADCelyad Oncology SA American Depositary Shares2015-06
Equity (US)EZGOEZGO Technologies Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-01
Equity (US)FAMIFarmmi, Inc. Ordinary Shares2018-02
Equity (US)KEPKorea Electric Power Corp1994-10
Equity (US)CYCCPCyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 6% Convertible Preferred Stock2005-11
Equity (US)AUYYamana Gold, Inc.2001-06
Equity (US)DRTTDIRTT Environmental Solutions Ltd. Common Shares2014-01
Equity (US)DRUGBright Minds Biosciences Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)OFEDOconee Federal Financial Corp. Common Stock2011-01
Equity (US)OFIXOrthofix Medical Inc. Common Stock (DE)1992-04
Equity (US)OFLXOmega Flex, Inc. Common Stock2005-08
Equity (US)OGIOrganigram Holdings Inc. Common Shares2019-05
Equity (US)STVNStevanato Group S.p.A.2021-07
Equity (US)DSEYDiversey Holdings, Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)DTFDTF Tax-Free Income 2028 Term Fund Inc.1991-11
Equity (US)DWACUDigital World Acquisition Corp. Units2021-09
Equity (US)LVTXLAVA Therapeutics N.V. Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)UNCYUnicycive Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)STRTSTRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION Common Stock1995-02
Equity (US)CVCYCentral Valley Community Bancorp Common Stock1999-03
Equity (US)DTGDTE Energy Company 2021 Series E 4.375% Junior Subordinated Debentures2021-12
Equity (US)DUNEUDune Acquisition Corporation Unit2020-12
Equity (US)DARDARLING INGREDIENTS INC.1994-09
Equity (US)DVAXDynavax Technologies Corporation Common Stock2004-02
Equity (US)DLPNDolphin Entertainment, Inc. Common Stock2006-11
Equity (US)DWASInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco DWA SmallCap Momentum ETF2012-07
Equity (US)KELYAKelly Services, Inc. Class A Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)DWATArrow Investments Trust Arrow DWA Tactical ETF2014-10
Equity (US)OHPAUOrion Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)OIO-I Glass, Inc.1991-12
Equity (US)OPNTOpiant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2009-12
Equity (US)OPOFOld Point Financial Corporation Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)OPPRiverNorth/DoubleLine Strategic Opportunity Fund, Inc.2016-09
Equity (US)LVSLas Vegas Sands Corp.2004-12
Equity (US)DWSNDawson Geophysical Company Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)STRSStratus Properties Inc. Common Stock1992-07
Equity (US)STRRPStar Equity Holdings, Inc. Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2019-09
Equity (US)STRRStar Equity Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2004-06
Equity (US)ATRAAtara Biotherapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-10
Equity (US)AXACAXIOS Sustainable Growth Acquisition Corporation2022-03
Equity (US)CFIVCF Acquisition Corp. IV Class A common stock2021-02
Equity (US)OPTNOptiNose, Inc. Common Stock2017-10
Equity (US)OROsisko Gold Royalties Ltd2016-07
Equity (US)STRNStran & Company, Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)LVOLiveOne, Inc. Common Stock2017-08
Equity (US)AIKIAIkido Pharma Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)LVLULulu's Fashion Lounge Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)CLROClearOne, Inc. (DE) Common Stock1989-03
Equity (US)AXGNAxogen, Inc. Common Stock1986-12
Equity (US)EQEquillium, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)EKGFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund II First Trust Nasdaq Lux Digital Health Solutions ETF2022-03
Equity (US)THGThe Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.1995-10
Equity (US)SCHNSchnitzer Steel Industries, Inc. Class A Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)KEJIGlobal X Funds Global X China Innovation ETF2021-02
Equity (US)XMTRXometry, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)ENSGThe Ensign Group, Inc. Common Stock2007-11
Equity (US)LVACLAVA Medtech Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)ENTXEntera Bio Ltd. Ordinary Shares2018-06
Equity (US)STRMStreamline Health Solutions, Inc. Common Stock1996-04
Equity (US)ESMTEngageSmart, Inc.2021-09
Equity (US)ESMViShares Trust iShares ESG MSCI USA Min Vol Factor ETF2021-11
Equity (US)CHBGlobal X Funds Global X China Biotech Innovation ETF2020-09
Equity (US)FATFAT Brands Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-10
Equity (US)IAGIAMGold Corporation2003-07
Equity (US)STRLSterling Infrastructure, Inc. Common Stock1991-07
Equity (US)CRNCCerence Inc. Common Stock2019-09
Equity (US)UNBUnion Bankshares, Inc. Common Stock1999-08
Equity (US)AZYOAziyo Biologics, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)AZZAZZ Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)BACABerenson Acquisition Corp. I2021-11
Equity (US)ESSAESSA Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2007-04
Equity (US)FCFSFirstCash Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1991-06
Equity (US)BNIXRBannix Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)STRESupernova Partners Acquisition Company III, Ltd.2021-05
Equity (US)CFIVUCF Acquisition Corp. IV Unit2020-12
Equity (US)CURICuriosityStream Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-01
Equity (US)KEKimball Electronics, Inc. Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)CWHCamping World Holdings, Inc.2016-10
Equity (US)OZKAPBank OZK 4.625% Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2021-10
Equity (US)PAFOPacifico Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)DUOFangdd Network Group Ltd. American Depositary Shares2019-11
Equity (US)EGPEastGroup Properties Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)ETOEaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Div Oppor. Fund2004-05
Equity (US)ETONEton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2018-11
Equity (US)FCNCAFirst Citizens BancShares, Inc. Class A Common Stock1986-10
Equity (US)GAIAGaia, Inc. Class A Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)COMPCompass, Inc.2021-04
Equity (US)UNAMUnico American Corporation Common Stock1987-03
Equity (US)PNQIInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco Nasdaq Internet ETF2008-06
Equity (US)BEPHBrookfield BRP Holdings (Canada) Inc. 4.625% Perpetual Subordinated Notes2021-04
Equity (US)BHATBlue Hat Interactive Entertainment Technology Ordinary Shares2019-07
Equity (US)BLRXBioLineRx Ltd. American Depositary Shares2011-07
Equity (US)LBRDKLiberty Broadband Corporation Class C Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)BLXBanco Latinoamericano de Comercio Exterior, S.A1992-09
Equity (US)STRCSarcos Technology and Robotics Corporation Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)UMPQUmpqua Holdings Corporation Common Stock1998-06
Equity (US)BNDXVanguard Charlotte Funds Vanguard Total International Bond ETF2013-06
Equity (US)FCUVFocus Universal Inc. Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)FEMSFirst Trust Developed Markets Small Cap AlphaDex Fund2012-02
Equity (US)COWNCowen Inc. Class A Common Stock2006-07
Equity (US)HAACUHealth Assurance Acquisition Corp. SAIL Securities2020-11
Equity (US)HAYNHaynes International, Inc. Common Stock2007-03
Equity (US)CPFCentral Pacific Financial Corporation1987-08
Equity (US)CPSSConsumer Portfolio Services, Inc. Common Stock1992-10
Equity (US)CSVCarriage Services, Inc.1996-08
Equity (US)ZZillow Group, Inc. Class C Capital Stock2015-08
Equity (US)UMMAListed Funds Trust Wahed Dow Jones Islamic World ETF2022-01
Equity (US)CHKPCheck Point Software Technologies Ltd. Ordinary Shares1996-06
Equity (US)ETVEaton Vance Tax-Managed Buy-Write Opportunities Fund2005-06
Equity (US)CHMGChemung Financial Corp Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)FEOFirst Trust/abrdn Emerging Opportunity Fund2006-08
Equity (US)PPTAPerpetua Resources Corp. Common Shares2021-02
Equity (US)GIIXGores Holdings VIII, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)STRAStrategic Education, Inc. Common Stock1996-07
Equity (US)COOLCorner Growth Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)HUGSUSHG Acquisition Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)CJJDChina Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc. (Cayman Islands) Ordinary Shares2009-10
Equity (US)ETWOE2open Parent Holdings, Inc.2020-06
Equity (US)XMQualtrics International Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)EDITEditas Medicine, Inc. Common Stock2016-02
Equity (US)CHMICHERRY HILL MORTGAGE INVESTMENT CORPORATION2013-10
Equity (US)CHNCHINA FUND1992-07
Equity (US)CHNAETF Series Solutions Loncar China BioPharma ETF2018-08
Equity (US)CHSChicos FAS, Inc.1993-03
Equity (US)ZBHZimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.2001-07
Equity (US)DHFBNY Mellon High Yield Strategies Fund1998-04
Equity (US)EUCREucrates Biomedical Acquisition Corp. Ordinary Shares2020-12
Equity (US)BRTXBioRestorative Therapies, Inc. Common Stock2012-12
Equity (US)EVTLVertical Aerospace Ltd.2020-11
Equity (US)NABLN-able, Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)BSCPInvesco BulletShares 2025 Corporate Bond ETF2015-10
Equity (US)BSCQInvesco BulletShares 2026 Corporate Bond ETF2016-09
Equity (US)BSCRInvesco BulletShares 2027 Corporate Bond ETF2017-09
Equity (US)ZBRAZebra Technologies Corporation Class A Common Stock1991-08
Equity (US)BTBBit Brother Limited Class A Ordinary Shares2015-06
Equity (US)ZCMDZhongchao Inc. Class A Ordinary Shares2020-02
Equity (US)BTMDBiote Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)VEEVVeeva Systems Inc.2013-10
Equity (US)VORBVirgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)ABCBAmeris Bancorp Common Stock1994-05
Equity (US)ABCLAbCellera Biologics Inc. Common Shares2020-12
Equity (US)LSEALandsea Homes Corporation Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)CYANCyanotech Corporation Common Stock1991-05
Equity (US)EUFNiShares MSCI Europe Financials ETF2010-02
Equity (US)EVAEnviva Inc.2015-04
Equity (US)STKSThe ONE Group Hospitality, Inc. Common Stock2014-06
Equity (US)FHSFirst High-School Education Group Co., Ltd. American Depositary Shares (each representing three (3)2021-03
Equity (US)FIACFocus Impact Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)FIACUFocus Impact Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)FICOFair Isaac Corporation1987-07
Equity (US)FICSFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust International Developed Capital Strength ETF2020-12
Equity (US)FICVFrontier Investment Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2021-08
Equity (US)FIZZNational Beverage Corp. Common Stock1991-09
Equity (US)FKWLFranklin Wireless Corp. Common Stock2007-08
Equity (US)BWMNBowman Consulting Group Ltd. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)HFFGHF Foods Group Inc. Common Stock2017-09
Equity (US)VVXV2X, Inc.2014-09
Equity (US)SHGShinhan Financial Group Co Ltd2003-09
Equity (US)STKColumbia Seligman Premium Technology Growth Fund, Inc.2009-11
Equity (US)FLACUFrazier Lifesciences Acquisition Corporation Unit2020-12
Equity (US)FLICFirst of Long Island Corporation (The) Common Stock1987-01
Equity (US)HTHTHuazhu Group Limited American Depositary Shares2010-03
Equity (US)ZDZiff Davis, Inc. Common Stock1999-07
Equity (US)CLXTCalyxt, Inc. Common Stock2017-07
Equity (US)CMCCommercial Metals Company1980-03
Equity (US)LSCCLattice Semiconductor Corporation Common Stock1989-11
Equity (US)CMRECostamare Inc.2010-11
Equity (US)EVKEver-Glory International Group, Inc. Common Stock2008-07
Equity (US)DLBDolby Laboratories, Inc.Class A2005-02
Equity (US)DLNGDYNAGAS LNG PARNERS LP2013-11
Equity (US)EMCFEmclaire Financial Corp Common Stock1999-03
Equity (US)AXRAMREP Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)PPHVanEck Pharmaceutical ETF2000-02
Equity (US)PPHPUPHP Ventures Acquisition Corp. Units2021-08
Equity (US)ENERAccretion Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)ZENZENDESK INC2014-05
Equity (US)EVLOEvelo Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)EVNEaton Vance Municipal Income Trust1999-01
Equity (US)UMHUMH Properties, Inc.1985-02
Equity (US)EVOEvotec SE American Depositary Shares2004-02
Equity (US)HITIHigh Tide Inc. Common Shares2021-01
Equity (US)HNIHNI Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)ESMESM Acquisition Corporation2021-04
Equity (US)XRAYDENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. Common Stock1987-08
Equity (US)PPIHPerma-Pipe International Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1989-12
Equity (US)PPLPPL Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)PPSIPioneer Power Solutions, Inc. Common Stock2013-05
Equity (US)PRAProAssurance Corporation1991-09
Equity (US)XRXXerox Holdings Corporation Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)ZGZillow Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock2011-07
Equity (US)SSYSStratasys, Ltd. Ordinary Shares (Israel)1994-10
Equity (US)DLTHDuluth Holdings Inc. Class B Common Stock2015-11
Equity (US)EVOKEvoke Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2013-09
Equity (US)EVOPEVO Payments, Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)EWEdwards Lifesciences Corp2000-03
Equity (US)CICIGNA Corporation1982-03
Equity (US)FRGAPFranchise Group, Inc. 7.50% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2020-09
Equity (US)FRGEForge Global Holdings, Inc.2021-02
Equity (US)IHYFInvesco Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trus Invesco High Yield Bond Factor ETF2020-12
Equity (US)IIFMorgan Stanley India Investment Fund, Inc.1994-02
Equity (US)IIIIINSU Acquisition Corp. III Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)IMCRImmunocore Holdings plc American Depositary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)LRMRLarimar Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-06
Equity (US)HTHHILLTOP HOLDINGS INC.2004-02
Equity (US)IMCViShares Morningstar Mid-Cap Value ETF2004-07
Equity (US)HOGHarley-Davidson, Inc.1986-07
Equity (US)FSKFS KKR Capital Corp. Common Stock2014-04
Equity (US)GMTXGemini Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)GNACGroup Nine Acquisition Corp. Class A Common stock2021-03
Equity (US)HONHoneywell International Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)HONEHarborOne Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2016-06
Equity (US)CLAYChavant Capital Acquisition Corp. Ordinary Shares2021-08
Equity (US)CLINClean Earth Acquisitions Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)IMMPImmutep Limited American Depositary Shares2012-04
Equity (US)IMMRImmersion Corporation Common Stock1999-11
Equity (US)CIENCiena Corporation1997-02
Equity (US)IMPLImpel Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)FNAParagon 28, Inc.2021-10
Equity (US)SESNSesen Bio, Inc. Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)TWCBUBilander Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-07
Equity (US)EXASExact Sciences Corporation Common Stock2001-02
Equity (US)EXRExtra Space Storage, Inc.2004-08
Equity (US)EXTRExtreme Networks, Inc. Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)EYENational Vision Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2017-10
Equity (US)EYENEyenovia, Inc. Common Stock2018-01
Equity (US)FOXFox Corporation Class B Common Stock2019-03
Equity (US)FRBNForbion European Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)TWLOTwilio Inc.2016-06
Equity (US)HOUSAnywhere Real Estate Inc.2012-10
Equity (US)HOVHovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Class A1983-09
Equity (US)PWSCPowerSchool Holdings, Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)CLASClass Acceleration Corp.2021-03
Equity (US)WDSWoodside Energy Group Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing one Ordinary Share1996-11
Equity (US)HNVRHanover Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2022-05
Equity (US)CCEPCoca-Cola Europacific Partners plc Ordinary Shares1986-11
Equity (US)FACTFreedom Acquisition I Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)FLMEFlame Acquisition Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)CELUCelularity Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-08
Equity (US)CLMTCalumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P. Common Units2006-01
Equity (US)FRCFirst Republic Bank2010-12
Equity (US)FREQFrequency Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)CNTBConnect Biopharma Holdings Limited American Depositary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)CSLMRConsilium Acquisition Corp I, Ltd. Right2022-11
Equity (US)CSLMUConsilium Acquisition Corp I, Ltd. Unit2022-01
Equity (US)CSQCalamos Strategic Total Return Common Stock2004-04
Equity (US)CSTRCapStar Financial Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2016-09
Equity (US)PWUPPowerUp Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-04
Equity (US)CSWCCapital Southwest Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)PYZInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco DWA Basic Materials Momentum ETF2006-10
Equity (US)PZCPIMCO California Municipal Income Fund III2002-10
Equity (US)CSWICSW Industrials, Inc. Common Stock2015-09
Equity (US)KCKingsoft Cloud Holdings Limited American Depositary Shares2020-05
Equity (US)FADFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX Fund2007-05
Equity (US)FAMFirst Trust/abrdn Global Opportunity Income Fund2004-11
Equity (US)EDIVirtus Stone Harbor Emerging Markets Total Income Fund2012-10
Equity (US)GRIDFirst Trust NASDAQ Clean Edge Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund2009-11
Equity (US)GROMGrom Social Enterprises Inc. Common Stock2017-09
Equity (US)SEVSono Group N.V. Common Shares2021-11
Equity (US)HSYThe Hershey Company1980-03
Equity (US)DEIDouglas Emmett, Inc.2006-10
Equity (US)IMRNImmuron Limited American Depositary Shares2017-06
Equity (US)CLNEClean Energy Fuels Corp. Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)QTEKQualTek Services Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)CLNNClene Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)CLOEUClover Leaf Capital Corp. Unit2021-07
Equity (US)CLPSCLPS Incorporation Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)IMRXImmuneering Corporation Class A Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)IMTEIntegrated Media Technology Limited Ordinary Shares2017-08
Equity (US)WOODiShares Global Timber & Forestry ETF2008-06
Equity (US)WOOFPetco Health and Wellness Company, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)KBKB Financial Group Inc2001-11
Equity (US)QUREuniQure N.V. Ordinary Shares2014-02
Equity (US)RADIRadius Global Infrastructure, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)RAPTRAPT Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)RAREUltragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. Common Stock2014-01
Equity (US)RAVERave Restaurant Group, Inc. Common Stock1993-09
Equity (US)RAYSGlobal X Funds Global X Solar ETF2021-09
Equity (US)LRFCLogan Ridge Finance Corporation Common Stock2013-09
Equity (US)CIOCITY OFFICE REIT, INC.2014-04
Equity (US)CMCOColumbus McKinnon Corporation Common Stock1996-02
Equity (US)HNSTThe Honest Company, Inc. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)RZBReinsurance Group of America, Incorporated 5.75% Fixed-To-Floating Rate Subordinated Debentures due2016-06
Equity (US)RZLTRezolute, Inc. Common Stock (NV)2013-01
Equity (US)COOPMr. Cooper Group Inc. Common Stock2012-03
Equity (US)RBARitchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated1998-03
Equity (US)CWTCalifornia Water Service1979-12
Equity (US)HYBNew America High Income Fund, Inc.1988-02
Equity (US)RCACRevelstone Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)DXRDaxor Corporation Common Stock1983-07
Equity (US)EACPUEdify Acquisition Corp. Units2021-01
Equity (US)CGOCalamos Global Total Return Fund Common Stock2005-10
Equity (US)FARMFarmer Brothers Company Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)FAROFARO Technologies, Inc. Common Stock1997-09
Equity (US)FASTFastenal Company Common Stock1987-08
Equity (US)FBPFirst BanCorp.1987-01
Equity (US)CTBICommunity Trust Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1987-12
Equity (US)CTECGlobal X Funds Global X CleanTech ETF2020-10
Equity (US)HUBGHub Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock1996-03
Equity (US)SFBCSound Financial Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2008-01
Equity (US)ABRArbor Realty Trust, Inc.2004-04
Equity (US)RCHGRecharge Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)CLPTClearPoint Neuro, Inc. Common Stock2012-05
Equity (US)CLRCClimateRock Class A Ordinary Shares2022-06
Equity (US)CLRMClarim Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)CLXClorox Company1979-12
Equity (US)EMBCEmbecta Corp. Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)GERNGeron Corporation Common Stock1996-07
Equity (US)GETGetnet Adquirencia e Servicos para Meios de Pagamento S.A. American Depositary Shares2021-10
Equity (US)GGALGrupo Financiero Galicia S.A. American Depositary Shares2000-07
Equity (US)RCONRecon Technology, Ltd. Class A Ordinary Shares2009-07
Equity (US)RCRTRecruiter.com Group, Inc. Common Stock2012-09
Equity (US)RCSPIMCO STRATEGIC INCOME FUND, INC.1994-03
Equity (US)RDCMRadcom Ltd. Ordinary Shares1997-09
Equity (US)RDFNRedfin Corporation Common Stock2017-07
Equity (US)RDHLRedhill Biopharma Ltd. American Depositary Shares2013-01
Equity (US)RDIReading International Inc Class A Common Stock1983-12
Equity (US)RDIBReading International Inc Class B Common Stock2000-01
Equity (US)GHRSGH Research PLC Ordinary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)ABMDABIOMED, Inc. Common Stock1987-07
Equity (US)SHACSCP & CO Healthcare Acquisition Company Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)WSBCWesBanco, Inc. Common Stock1987-05
Equity (US)FCPTFour Corners Property Trust, Inc.2015-11
Equity (US)WSBCPWesBanco, Inc. Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/40th Interest in a Share of 6.75% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A2020-08
Equity (US)HOLXHologic, Inc. Common Stock1990-03
Equity (US)FDBCFidelity D & D Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)IMGOImago BioSciences, Inc. Common stock2021-07
Equity (US)WSBFWaterstone Financial, Inc. Common Stock (MD)2005-10
Equity (US)HNNAZHennessy Advisors, Inc. 4.875% Notes due 20262021-10
Equity (US)PEAKHealthpeak Properties, Inc.1985-05
Equity (US)SFBSServisFirst Bancshares Inc.2014-05
Equity (US)SFETSafe-T Group Ltd. American Depositary Share2018-08
Equity (US)FRGFranchise Group, Inc. Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)FRLAFortune Rise Acquisition Corporation Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)WSCWillScot Mobile Mini Holdings Corp. Class A Common Stock2015-11
Equity (US)FRLAUFortune Rise Acquisition Corporation Units2021-11
Equity (US)HNNAHennessy Advisors, Inc. Common Stock2005-03
Equity (US)FRLNFreeline Therapeutics Holdings plc American Depositary Shares2020-08
Equity (US)FRMEFirst Merchants Corporation Common Stock1989-06
Equity (US)GEHIGravitas Education Holdings, Inc.2017-09
Equity (US)DGXQuest Diagnostics Inc.1996-12
Equity (US)WSFSWSFS Financial Corporation Common Stock1986-11
Equity (US)DHCAUDHC Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)AMBAAmbarella, Inc. Ordinary Shares2012-10
Equity (US)REREATRenew Inc. American Depositary Shares (every three of which representing two Class A ordinary shar2021-06
Equity (US)WYNNWynn Resorts, Limited Common stock2002-10
Equity (US)PRSRUProspector Capital Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)FDNIFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund II First Trust Dow Jones International Internet ETF2018-11
Equity (US)FDPFresh Del Monte Produce Inc.1997-10
Equity (US)FDTFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX Fund2011-04
Equity (US)FDUSFidus Investment Corporation Common Stock2011-06
Equity (US)CGRNCapstone Green Energy Corporation Common Stock2000-06
Equity (US)GPSThe Gap, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)CGTXCognition Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)CTLTCATALENT, INC.2014-07
Equity (US)CTRClearBridge MLP and Midstream Total Return Fund Inc.2012-08
Equity (US)DYNTDynatronics Corporation Common Stock1983-12
Equity (US)CMCanadian Imperial Bank of Commerce1997-11
Equity (US)CMMBChemomab Therapeutics Ltd. American Depositary Share2019-02
Equity (US)CMPCompass Minerals International, Inc.2003-12
Equity (US)CMPOCompoSecure, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)CMRAComera Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)FEMAProcure ETF Trust II Procure Disaster Recovery Strategy ETF2022-06
Equity (US)FPIFarmland Partners Inc.2014-04
Equity (US)FSBWFS Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2012-07
Equity (US)GROVGrove Collaborative Holdings, Inc.2021-05
Equity (US)GRPHGraphite Bio, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)GRTSGritstone bio, Inc. Common Stock2018-09
Equity (US)GRTXGalera Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)SMLPSummit Midstream Partners, LP2012-09
Equity (US)CVACCureVac N.V. Ordinary Shares2020-08
Equity (US)RILYZB. Riley Financial, Inc. 5.25% Senior Notes due 20282021-08
Equity (US)RINGiShares MSCI Global Gold Miners Fund2012-02
Equity (US)WYWeyerhaeuser Company1979-12
Equity (US)FORGForgeRock, Inc.2021-09
Equity (US)FSRXUFinServ Acquisition Corp. II Unit2021-02
Equity (US)FSTRL.B. Foster Company Common Stock1981-06
Equity (US)FTFranklin Universal Trust Shares of Beneficial Interest1988-09
Equity (US)TWITitan International, Inc.(Delaware)1993-05
Equity (US)HSCHarsco Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)HYXFiShares Trust iShares ESG Advanced High Yield Corporate Bond ETF2016-06
Equity (US)KAROKarooooo Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)ULCCFrontier Group Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)LTCLTC Properties, Inc.1992-08
Equity (US)RIORio Tinto plc1990-06
Equity (US)RIOTRiot Blockchain, Inc.  Common Stock2016-03
Equity (US)RIVRiverNorth Opportunities Fund, Inc. Common Stock2016-01
Equity (US)ULBIUltralife Corporation Common Stock1992-12
Equity (US)HNDLStrategy Shares Nasdaq 7HANDL Index ETF2018-01
Equity (US)XTiShares Exponential Technologies ETF2015-03
Equity (US)FEMBFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund III First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF2014-11
Equity (US)FEMYFemasys Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)FENCFennec Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock2017-09
Equity (US)RIVNRivian Automotive, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)RJACJackson Acquisition Company2022-01
Equity (US)RLMDRelmada Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-06
Equity (US)RLTYCohen & Steers Real Estate Opportunities and Income Fund2022-02
Equity (US)RLXRLX Technology Inc. American Depositary Shares, each representing the right to receive one (1) Class2021-01
Equity (US)ADTADT Inc.2018-01
Equity (US)CVBFCVB Financial Corporation Common Stock1983-04
Equity (US)CVCOCavco Industries, Inc. Common Stock When Issued2003-07
Equity (US)CVEOCiveo Corporation2014-05
Equity (US)CVGICommercial Vehicle Group, Inc. Common Stock2004-08
Equity (US)SOXQInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco PHLX Semiconductor ETF2021-06
Equity (US)SPSP Plus Corporation Common Stock2004-06
Equity (US)TWINTwin Disc, Incorporated Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)TWKSThoughtworks Holding, Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)TWLVUTwelve Seas Investment Company II Unit2021-02
Equity (US)TWNTaiwan Fund, Inc.1986-12
Equity (US)CVGWCalavo Growers, Inc. Common Stock2002-07
Equity (US)HMNFHMN Financial, Inc. Common Stock1994-06
Equity (US)RLYBRallybio Corporation Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)CVICVR ENERGY, INC.2007-10
Equity (US)CVIIChurchill Capital Corp VII2021-04
Equity (US)CVLYCodorus Valley Bancorp, Inc Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)GGBGerdau S.A.1999-03
Equity (US)FRBAFirst Bank Common Stock2010-10
Equity (US)CNACNA Financial Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)CNCCentene Corporation2001-12
Equity (US)GJTSynthetic Fixed-Income Securities STRATS 2006-3 AllState Corporation2007-08
Equity (US)HFWAHeritage Financial Corporation Common Stock1998-05
Equity (US)XTLBXTL Biopharmaceuticals Ltd. American Depositary Shares2005-09
Equity (US)RCIRogers Communications, Inc.1996-01
Equity (US)MEIPMEI Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2003-12
Equity (US)RNGRINGCENTRAL, INC.2013-09
Equity (US)RNPCohen & Steers REIT and Preferred and Income Fund, Inc.2003-06
Equity (US)RNSTRenasant Corporation Common Stock1992-04
Equity (US)RNWReNew Energy Global plc Class A Ordinary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)EBACUEuropean Biotech Acquisition Corp. Units2021-03
Equity (US)EBETEBET, INC. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)ECPGEncore Capital Group Inc Common Stock1999-07
Equity (US)GLOBGLOBANT S.A.2014-07
Equity (US)ADOCEdoc Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2020-12
Equity (US)TWOTwo Harbors Investment Corp.2009-10
Equity (US)CLOERClover Leaf Capital Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)EDNEmpresa Distribuidora Y Comercializadora Norte S.A. (Edenor)2007-04
Equity (US)ZINGFTAC Zeus Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)ZIONLZions Bancorporation 6.95% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes2013-09
Equity (US)ZIONOZions Bancorporation, N.A. Dep Shs Repstg 1/40th Perp Pfd Ser G2013-02
Equity (US)EFSCPEnterprise Financial Services Corporation Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1/40th Interest in a Share of 5% Fixed Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A2021-11
Equity (US)CNTACentessa Pharmaceuticals plc American Depositary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)CPNGCoupang, Inc.2021-03
Equity (US)CLVRClever Leaves Holdings Inc. Common Shares2020-12
Equity (US)FINMMarlin Technology Corporation Class A Ordinary Share2021-03
Equity (US)FINXGlobal X Funds Global X FinTech ETF2016-09
Equity (US)FISFidelity National Information Services, Inc.2001-06
Equity (US)CLVSClovis Oncology, Inc. Common Stock2011-11
Equity (US)GLSGelesis Holdings, Inc.2020-08
Equity (US)CLLSCellectis S.A. American Depositary Shares2015-03
Equity (US)COOKTraeger, Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)UKUcommune International Ltd Ordinary Shares2019-11
Equity (US)ZIONPZions Bancorporation, N.A. Depositary Shares (Each representing 1/40th Interest in a Share of Series A Floating-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock)2007-01
Equity (US)ZIPZipRecruiter, Inc.2021-05
Equity (US)AANThe Aaron's Company, Inc.2020-11
Equity (US)ZIVOZivo Bioscience, Inc. Common Stock2003-12
Equity (US)ZKINZK International Group Co., Ltd Ordinary Share2017-09
Equity (US)GMEDGLOBUS MEDICAL INC2012-08
Equity (US)HEXOHEXO Corp. Common Shares2019-01
Equity (US)UHTUniversal Health Realty Income Trust1986-12
Equity (US)CMCAUCapitalworks Emerging Markets Acquisition Corp Unit2021-12
Equity (US)CNTQChardan NexTech Acquisition 2 Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)FISIFinancial Institutions, Inc. Common Stock1999-06
Equity (US)FISVFiserv, Inc. Common Stock1986-09
Equity (US)FITBIFifth Third Bancorp Depositary Shares2013-12
Equity (US)FIXDFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VIII First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF2017-02
Equity (US)FIXXHomology Medicines, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)FTAIOFortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC 8.00% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Series B Cumulative Perpetual Redeemable Preferred Shares2019-11
Equity (US)FTHMFathom Holdings Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)CMCMCHEETAH MOBILE INC.2014-05
Equity (US)CMCTCreative Media & Community Trust Corporation Common stock1993-12
Equity (US)CRMTAmerica's Car-Mart Inc Common Stock1987-03
Equity (US)FDXFedEx Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)CRTOCriteo S.A. American Depositary Shares2013-10
Equity (US)CTDDQwest Corporation 6.75% Notes due 20572017-04
Equity (US)WWWWolverine World Wide, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)CUBAHerzfeld Caribbean Basin Fund, Inc. (The) Common Stock1994-05
Equity (US)CUTRCutera, Inc. Common Stock2004-03
Equity (US)CWCOConsolidated Water Co. Ltd. Ordinary Shares1995-01
Equity (US)FTHYFirst Trust High Yield Opportunities 2027 Term Fund2020-06
Equity (US)FTITechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share2001-06
Equity (US)FUSNFusion Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Shares2020-06
Equity (US)GWHESS Tech, Inc.2021-01
Equity (US)EGGFEG Acquisition Corp.2021-07
Equity (US)HUMHumana Inc.1981-12
Equity (US)HESMHess Midstream LP Class A Share representing a limited partner Interest2017-04
Equity (US)EHTHeHealth, Inc. Common Stock2006-10
Equity (US)ENCPEnergem Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)MERCMercer International Inc. Common Stock1988-07
Equity (US)UHSUniversal Health Services, Inc. Class B1981-07
Equity (US)CNXNPC Connection, Inc. Common Stock1998-03
Equity (US)BRBroadridge Financial Solutions Inc2007-03
Equity (US)CWSTCasella Waste Systems, Inc. Class A Common Stock1997-10
Equity (US)KARKAR AUCTION SERVICES, INC.2009-12
Equity (US)CROXCrocs, Inc. Common Stock2006-02
Equity (US)IBTFiShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2025 Term Treasury ETF2020-02
Equity (US)EXPRExpress, Inc.2010-05
Equity (US)ROSTRoss Stores, Inc. Common Stock1985-08
Equity (US)UFPTUFP Technologies, Inc. Common Stock1993-12
Equity (US)ZNHChina Southern Airlines Company Limited1997-07
Equity (US)GOFGuggenheim Strategic Opportunities Fund2007-07
Equity (US)GOGLGolden Ocean Group Limited Common Stock1997-02
Equity (US)GOLGol Linhas Aereas Inteligentes S.A. American Depositary Shares (Each representing Ten Preferred Shar2004-06
Equity (US)GOLDBarrick Gold Corp.1985-02
Equity (US)GOLFAcushnet Holdings Corp.2016-10
Equity (US)SABRPSabre Corporation 6.50% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock2020-08
Equity (US)COLLCollegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. Common Stock2015-05
Equity (US)GBSGBS Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)COLMColumbia Sportswear Company Common Stock1998-03
Equity (US)CONNConn's, Inc. Common Stock2003-11
Equity (US)CRCCalifornia Resources Corporation2020-10
Equity (US)RCIIRent-A-Center Inc. Common Stock1995-01
Equity (US)EVREvercore Inc.2006-08
Equity (US)CHWYChewy, Inc.2019-06
Equity (US)EPSNEpsilon Energy Ltd. Common Share2007-11
Equity (US)DATSDatChat, Inc. Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)RPRXRoyalty Pharma plc Class A Ordinary Shares2020-06
Equity (US)JANXJanux Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)STLAStellantis N.V.2010-06
Equity (US)STMSTMicroelectronics N.V.1994-12
Equity (US)DDOGDatadog, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-09
Equity (US)CRUCrucible Acquisition Corporation2021-02
Equity (US)CRUSCirrus Logic, Inc. Common Stock1989-06
Equity (US)REGRegency Centers Corporation Common Stock1993-10
Equity (US)CIMChimera Investment Corp.2007-11
Equity (US)UFPIUFP Industries, Inc. Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)UFOProcure ETF Trust II Procure Space ETF2019-04
Equity (US)CLSDClearside Biomedical, Inc. Common Stock2016-06
Equity (US)CNETZW Data Action Technologies Inc. Common Stock2009-08
Equity (US)ELVElevance Health, Inc.2001-10
Equity (US)MESAMesa Air Group, Inc. Common Stock2018-08
Equity (US)ISEEIVERIC bio, Inc. Common Stock2013-09
Equity (US)ISSCInnovative Solutions and Support, Inc. Common Stock2000-08
Equity (US)ISTBiShares Core 1-5 Year USD Bond ETF2012-10
Equity (US)DHILDiamond Hill Investment Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock1996-06
Equity (US)DILADILA Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)FLGTFulgent Genetics, Inc. Common Stock2016-09
Equity (US)SANGSangoma Technologies Corporation Common Shares2010-02
Equity (US)GXTGGlobal X Funds Global X Thematic Growth ETF2019-11
Equity (US)HERAUFTAC Hera Acquisition Corp. Units2021-03
Equity (US)SAVACassava Sciences, Inc. Common Stock2000-07
Equity (US)EDDMorgan Stanley Emerging Markets Domestic Debt Fund, Inc.2007-04
Equity (US)ACABAtlantic Coastal Acquisition Corp. II Class A Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)AIGAmerican International Group, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)EDFVirtus Stone Harbor Emerging Markets Income Fund2010-12
Equity (US)FZTFAST Acquisition Corp. II2021-05
Equity (US)FCNCOFirst Citizens BancShares, Inc. 5.625% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C2022-01
Equity (US)HAHawaiian Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1995-06
Equity (US)UFIUNIFI, Inc. New1980-03
Equity (US)REYNReynolds Consumer Products Inc. Common Stock2020-01
Equity (US)SGUStar Group, L.P. Common Units Representing Limited Partner Interest1995-12
Equity (US)ATRIAtrion Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)ACCOAcco Brands Corporation2005-08
Equity (US)REZIResideo Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)ENSCEnsysce Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)ISTRInvestar Holding Corporation Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)JPINUVEEN PREFERRED AND INCOME TERM FUND2012-07
Equity (US)JRONuveen Floating Rate Income Opportunty Fund2004-07
Equity (US)ZNTLZentalis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2020-04
Equity (US)UEUBRAN EDGE PROPERTIES2015-01
Equity (US)AQBAquaBounty Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2017-01
Equity (US)SGTXSigilon Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)ANAutoNation, Inc.1990-05
Equity (US)UDRUDR, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)SAVESpirit Airlines, Inc.2011-05
Equity (US)ITTITT Inc.1995-12
Equity (US)NSPInsperity, Inc1997-01
Equity (US)XXII22nd Century Group, Inc. Common Stock2011-01
Equity (US)XYFX Financial American Depositary Shares, each representing six Class A Ordinary Shares2018-09
Equity (US)EOSEaton Vance Enhance Equity Income Fund II2005-01
Equity (US)ESGUiShares Trust iShares ESG Aware MSCI USA ETF2016-12
Equity (US)CPLPCapital Product Partners L.P. Common Units2007-03
Equity (US)SSUSIGNA Sports United N.V.2020-09
Equity (US)EDAPEDAP TMS S.A. American Depositary Shares1997-08
Equity (US)EEMAiShares MSCI Emerging Markets Asia ETF2012-02
Equity (US)TGTTarget Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)XYLXylem Inc2011-10
Equity (US)SGRYSurgery Partners, Inc. Common Stock2015-09
Equity (US)ARCEArco Platform Limited Class A Common Shares2018-09
Equity (US)FLSFlowserve Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)GYROGyrodyne, LLC Common Stock1995-08
Equity (US)CIONCION Investment Corporation2021-10
Equity (US)SONSonoco Products Company1980-03
Equity (US)SGRPSPAR Group, Inc. Common Stock1996-03
Equity (US)AAONAAON, Inc. Common Stock1992-12
Equity (US)ACHCAcadia Healthcare Company, Inc. Common Stock1994-03
Equity (US)CPRXCatalyst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2006-11
Equity (US)DRHDiamondRock Hospitality Company2005-05
Equity (US)CUROCURO Group Holdings Corp.2017-12
Equity (US)ZSZscaler, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)ETEnergy Transfer LP Common Units representing limited partner interests2006-02
Equity (US)FLWS1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. Common Stock1999-08
Equity (US)HBNCHorizon Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2002-01
Equity (US)HCMAUHCM Acquisition Corp Unit2022-01
Equity (US)FELEFranklin Electric Co., Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)IMKTAIngles Markets, Incorporated Class A Common Stock1987-09
Equity (US)FEMFirst Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX Fund2011-04
Equity (US)CENQCENAQ Energy Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-10
Equity (US)CLOUGlobal X Funds Global X Cloud Computing ETF2019-04
Equity (US)CLOVClover Health Investments, Corp. Class A Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)CLPRClipper Realty Inc. Common Stock2017-02
Equity (US)CLRCONTINENTAL RESOURCES INC.2007-05
Equity (US)VTNInvesco  Trust for Investment Grade New York Municipals1992-05
Equity (US)CLRBCellectar Biosciences, Inc.  Common Stock2005-11
Equity (US)CLRCUClimateRock Unit2022-04
Equity (US)CPSIComputer Programs and Systems, Inc. Common Stock2002-05
Equity (US)FMBFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund III First Trust Managed Municipal ETF2014-05
Equity (US)FMBHFirst Mid Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock1999-03
Equity (US)FMNBFarmers National Banc Corp. Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)CPTKCrown PropTech Acquisitions2021-04
Equity (US)CPTNCepton, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)GAINGladstone Investment Corporation Business Development Company2005-06
Equity (US)AVDXAvidXchange Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)RWODRRedwoods Acquisition Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)RWODURedwoods Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-03
Equity (US)CLRGIndexIQ ETF Trust IQ Chaikin U.S. Large Cap ETF2017-12
Equity (US)CNNBCincinnati Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)HCSGHealthcare Services Group, Inc. Common Stock1983-11
Equity (US)HDBHDFC Bank Limited2001-07
Equity (US)SCSCScanSource, Inc. Common Stock1994-03
Equity (US)GWWW.W. Grainger, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)MCACMonterey Capital Acquisition Corporation Class A Common Stock2022-07
Equity (US)MCACRMonterey Capital Acquisition Corporation Rights2022-11
Equity (US)VTIQUVectoIQ Acquisition Corp. II Unit2021-01
Equity (US)SCPSScopus BioPharma Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)SAFESafehold Inc.2017-06
Equity (US)EBACEuropean Biotech Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)ESLTElbit Systems Ltd. Ordinary Shares1996-11
Equity (US)FFBWFFBW, Inc. Common Stock (MD)2017-10
Equity (US)EXPEExpedia Group, Inc. Common Stock2005-07
Equity (US)ZTOZTO Express (Cayman) Inc. American Depositary Shares, each representing one Class A ordinary share2016-10
Equity (US)CPZCalamos Long/Short Equity & Dynamic Income Trust Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)FNDFloor & Decor Holdings, Inc.2017-04
Equity (US)INBXInhibrx, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)CRCrane Holdings, Co.1980-03
Equity (US)CRAICRA International, Inc. Common Stock1998-04
Equity (US)SAFTSafety Insurance Group, Inc. Common Stock2002-11
Equity (US)SAGASagaliam Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)SAGAUSagaliam Acquisition Corp. Units2021-12
Equity (US)SAHSonic Automotive, Inc.1997-11
Equity (US)SAISAI.TECH Global Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)ZTSZOETIS INC.2013-02
Equity (US)CRBPCorbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2014-10
Equity (US)CRBUCaribou Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)ZUMZZumiez Inc. Common Stock2005-05
Equity (US)ZUOZuora, Inc.2018-04
Equity (US)CRCTCricut, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)ZVIAZevia PBC2021-07
Equity (US)CTHRCharles & Colvard Ltd Common Stock1997-11
Equity (US)CTIBYunhong CTI Ltd. Common Stock2003-05
Equity (US)JXNJackson Financial Inc.2021-09
Equity (US)FNLCFirst Bancorp, Inc  (ME) Common Stock1999-07
Equity (US)GBLGAMCO Investors, Inc.1999-02
Equity (US)GBLIGlobal Indemnity Group, LLC2003-12
Equity (US)GBNHGreenbrook TMS Inc. Common Shares2021-01
Equity (US)JYACJiya Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)JYNTThe Joint Corp. Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)GBNYGenerations Bancorp NY, Inc. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)GBOXGreenbox POS Common Stock2010-01
Equity (US)INCRIntercure Ltd. Ordinary Shares2019-01
Equity (US)INDIindie Semiconductor, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)FMCFMC Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)YLDELegg Mason ETF Investment Trust ClearBridge Dividend Strategy ESG ETF2017-05
Equity (US)UCLuCloudlink Group Inc. American Depositary Shares2020-06
Equity (US)ZVOZovio Inc. Common Stock2009-04
Equity (US)ZWRKZ-Work Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)ZWRKUZ-Work Acquisition Corp. Units2021-01
Equity (US)ZWSZurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation2012-03
Equity (US)SSTKSHUTTERSTOCK, INC.2012-10
Equity (US)FONRFonar Corporation Common Stock1981-10
Equity (US)FORAForian Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)FORDForward Industries, Inc. Common Stock1994-11
Equity (US)ETXEATON VANCE MUNICIPAL INCOME 2028 TERM TRUST2013-03
Equity (US)FOSLFossil Group, Inc. Common Stock1993-04
Equity (US)FOSLLFossil Group, Inc. 7% Senior Notes due 20262021-11
Equity (US)FCNCPFirst Citizens BancShares, Inc. Depositary Shares2020-03
Equity (US)GBXThe Greenbrier Companies, Inc.1994-07
Equity (US)YMABY-mAbs Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2018-09
Equity (US)INDYiShares India 50 ETF2009-11
Equity (US)INFIInfinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2000-07
Equity (US)HLITHarmonic Inc. Common Stock1995-05
Equity (US)CRECCrescera Capital Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)SBBAScorpio Tankers Inc. 7.00% Senior Notes due 20252020-06
Equity (US)CRECUCrescera Capital Acquisition Corp Unit2021-11
Equity (US)ZYZymergen Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)ACAHAtlantic Coastal Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)ACAHUAtlantic Coastal Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)ACAQAthena Consumer Acquisition Corp.2021-12
Equity (US)CRNTCeragon Networks Ltd. Ordinary Shares2000-08
Equity (US)CRNXCrinetics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)FOURShift4 Payments, Inc.2020-06
Equity (US)GCBCGreene County Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1999-06
Equity (US)CRONCronos Group Inc. Common Share2018-02
Equity (US)DBTXDecibel Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)KLRKaleyra, Inc.2018-01
Equity (US)INGING Groep N.V. American Depositary Shares1994-05
Equity (US)INGNInogen, Inc Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)INGRIngredion Incorporated1997-12
Equity (US)SCPLSciPlay Corporation Class A Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)ZYMEZymeworks Inc.2017-04
Equity (US)ZYNEZynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2015-08
Equity (US)FOXWUFoxWayne Enterprises Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)FPAFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX Fund2011-04
Equity (US)FPLFIRST TRUST NEW OPPORTUNITIES MLP & ENERGY FUND2014-03
Equity (US)HIMXHimax Technologies, Inc. American Depositary Shares2006-03
Equity (US)HIOWestern Asset High Income Opportunity Fund, Inc.1993-11
Equity (US)INKTMiNK Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)PAFORPacifico Acquisition Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)JZXNJiuzi Holdings, Inc. Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)KACLKairous Acquisition Corp. Limited Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)KAVLKaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)KCGIKensington Capital Acquisition Corp. V2021-10
Equity (US)SBFGSB Financial Group, Inc. Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)TDIVFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund2012-08
Equity (US)SCMSTELLUS CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION2012-11
Equity (US)JATTJATT Acquisition Corp2021-09
Equity (US)FPXEFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund II First Trust IPOX Europe Equity Opportunities ETF2018-10
Equity (US)FPXIFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund II First Trust International Equity Opportunities ETF2014-11
Equity (US)FRFirst Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.1994-06
Equity (US)FRABlackrock Floating Rate Income Strategies Fund, Inc.2003-10
Equity (US)FRAFFranklin Financial Services Corporation Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)CRSCarpenter Technology Corp1979-12
Equity (US)CRSPCRISPR Therapeutics AG Common Shares2016-10
Equity (US)CTKBCytek Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)INMBINmune Bio Inc. Common stock2019-02
Equity (US)ZYXIZynex, Inc. Common Stock2004-02
Equity (US)SCLEUBroadscale Acquisition Corp. Units2021-02
Equity (US)EAFGrafTech International Ltd.2018-04
Equity (US)KDKyndryl Holdings, Inc.2021-10
Equity (US)KDNYChinook Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-04
Equity (US)GTPAUGores Technology Partners, Inc. Units2021-03
Equity (US)BLBlackLine, Inc. Common Stock2016-10
Equity (US)FRBKRepublic First Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1988-11
Equity (US)FREEWhole Earth Brands, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)FREYFREYR Battery2020-01
Equity (US)FRWPWP Forward Acquisition Corp. I Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)TGTXTG Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2010-05
Equity (US)CCJCameco Corporation1996-03
Equity (US)TGVCTG Venture Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)TGVCUTG Venture Acquisition Corp. Units2021-11
Equity (US)THTarget Hospitality Corp. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)INVHInvitation Homes Inc. Common Stock2017-02
Equity (US)CRSRCorsair Gaming, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)CRTCross Timbers Royalty Trust1992-02
Equity (US)CRTDCreatd Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)FTDSFirst Trust Dividend Strength ETF2014-12
Equity (US)FTIIFutureTech II Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)FTXLFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Nasdaq Semiconductor ETF2016-09
Equity (US)FTXNFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Nasdaq Oil & Gas ETF2016-09
Equity (US)FTXOFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Nasdaq Bank ETF2016-10
Equity (US)FULTFulton Financial Corporation Common Stock1985-09
Equity (US)CRVLCorVel Corp. Common Stock1991-06
Equity (US)FUTUFutu Holdings Limited American Depositary Shares2019-03
Equity (US)CRVSCorvus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2016-03
Equity (US)CCLPCSI Compressco LP Common Units2011-06
Equity (US)WVVIPWillamette Valley Vineyards, Inc. Series A Redeemable Preferred Stock2016-08
Equity (US)JAQCUJupiter Acquisition Corporation Units2021-08
Equity (US)THACThrive Acquisition Corporation Class A ordinary shares2021-12
Equity (US)THCATuscan Holdings Corp. II Common Stock2019-07
Equity (US)THCAUTuscan Holdings Corp. II Unit2019-07
Equity (US)UCBIOUnited Community Banks, Inc. Depositary Shares each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series I Non-CumulativePreferred Stock2020-06
Equity (US)EZFLEzFill Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)EVHEvolent Health, Inc Class A Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)SSTIShotSpotter, Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)SSTSystem1, Inc.2020-08
Equity (US)CSAVictoryShares US Small Cap Volatility Wtd ETF2015-07
Equity (US)CSANCosan S.A. American Depositary Shares (each representing four Common Shares)2021-03
Equity (US)CULPCulp, Inc.1983-08
Equity (US)FVRRFiverr International Ltd.2019-06
Equity (US)FWONKLiberty Media Corporation Series C Liberty Formula One Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)FWPForward Pharma A/S American Depositary Shares2014-10
Equity (US)CVNACarvana Co.2017-04
Equity (US)FWRGFirst Watch Restaurant Group, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)GENQGenesis Unicorn Capital Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)GENQUGenesis Unicorn Capital Corp. Unit2022-02
Equity (US)GHIXUGores Holdings IX, Inc. Unit2022-01
Equity (US)SSSSLSuRo Capital Corp. 6.00% Notes due 20262021-12
Equity (US)SCHWThe Charles Schwab Corporation1987-09
Equity (US)FLAGFirst Light Acquisition Group, Inc.2021-11
Equity (US)UCBIUnited Community Banks, Inc. Common Stock2002-03
Equity (US)PSMTPriceSmart, Inc. Common Stock1997-09
Equity (US)ESEAEuroseas Ltd. Common Stock (Marshall Islands)2006-05
Equity (US)FFCFlaherty & Crumrine Preferred and Income Securities Fund Incorporated2003-01
Equity (US)GAMCGolden Arrow Merger Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)GAMEEngine Gaming and Media, Inc. Common Stock2018-01
Equity (US)GBRGRGoldenbridge Acquisition Limited Right2022-11
Equity (US)GBRGUGoldenbridge Acquisition Limited Unit2021-03
Equity (US)GJHSynthetic Fixed-Income Sec STRATS 2004-06, 6.375% US Cellular Corp.2004-05
Equity (US)GJPSynthetic Fixed Income Securities on the behalf of STRATS for Dominion Resources  Series 2005-62007-12
Equity (US)GJSSynthetic Fixed-Income Securities STRATS 2006-2 Goldman Sachs Group2006-04
Equity (US)BSAQBlack Spade Acquisition Co2021-09
Equity (US)THCPThunder Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)UCRDVictory Portfolios II VictoryShares ESG Corporate Bond ETF2021-10
Equity (US)UCTTUltra Clean Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2004-03
Equity (US)UCYBProShares Trust ProShares Ultra Nasdaq Cybersecurity ETF2021-01
Equity (US)GBTGlobal Blood Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-08
Equity (US)GBTGGlobal Business Travel Group, Inc.2022-08
Equity (US)GCPGCP Applied Technologies Inc.2016-02
Equity (US)GCTKGlucoTrack, Inc. Common Stock2013-04
Equity (US)GCVThe Gabelli Convertible and Income Securities Fund, Inc.1995-03
Equity (US)SSPE.W. Scripps Company (The) Class A Common Stock1988-06
Equity (US)GRNRGlobal X Funds Global X Green Building ETF2022-04
Equity (US)IPWiPower Inc. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)IPXIperionX Limited American Depositary Share2022-06
Equity (US)CSCWColor Star Technology Co. Ltd. Ordinary Shares2001-07
Equity (US)UDMYUdemy, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)BQBoqii Holding Limited American Depositary Shares (each representing four and a half (4.5) Class A Or2020-09
Equity (US)GATEMarblegate Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)GATEUMarblegate Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)GFSGlobalFoundries Inc. Ordinary Shares2021-10
Equity (US)GFXGolden Falcon Acquisition Corp.2021-02
Equity (US)GDENGolden Entertainment, Inc. Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)GEEXGames & Esports Experience Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)GGGGraco Inc1980-03
Equity (US)GEGGreat Elm Group, Inc. Common Stock1999-06
Equity (US)GENCGencor Industries, Inc. Common Stock2003-07
Equity (US)SSSSSuRo Capital Corp. Common Stock2011-04
Equity (US)GOGNGoGreen Investments Corporation2021-12
Equity (US)GRPNGroupon, Inc. Common Stock2011-11
Equity (US)SSICSilver Spike Investment Corp. Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)IPVFInterPrivate III Financial Partners Inc.2021-04
Equity (US)CCThe Chemours Company2015-06
Equity (US)WFWoori Financial Group Inc. American Depositary Shares (each representing three (3) shares of Common2003-10
Equity (US)ESGRPEnstar Group Limited Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1000th of an interest in Preference Shares2018-06
Equity (US)GHYPGIM Global High Yield Fund, Inc.2012-12
Equity (US)CSIICardiovascular Systems, Inc. Common Stock2006-06
Equity (US)CSMLIndexIQ ETF Trust IQ Chaikin U.S. Small Cap ETF2017-05
Equity (US)CSRCenterspace1997-10
Equity (US)GENEGenetic Technologies Ltd ADS2005-09
Equity (US)GENYPrincipal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal Millennials ETF2016-08
Equity (US)GEOThe GEO Group, Inc.1994-07
Equity (US)GERGoldman Sachs MLP Energy Renaissance Fund2014-09
Equity (US)GFAIGuardforce AI Co., Limited Ordinary Shares2021-09
Equity (US)GFIGold Fields Ltd ADR1980-03
Equity (US)FFHLFuwei Films (Holdings) Co., Ltd. Ordinary Shares2006-12
Equity (US)PRTHPriority Technology Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2016-12
Equity (US)UEICUniversal Electronics Inc. Common Stock1993-02
Equity (US)VTIQVectoIQ Acquisition Corp. II Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)GGAAGenesis Growth Tech Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)GGAAUGenesis Growth Tech Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)GRVYGRAVITY Co., Ltd. American Depository Shares2005-02
Equity (US)GSEVGores Holdings VII, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)GSEVUGores Holdings VII, Inc. Units2021-02
Equity (US)GLDICredit Suisse X-Links Gold Shares Covered Call ETNs due February 2, 20332013-01
Equity (US)ECCEAGLE POINT CREDIT COMPANY INC.2014-10
Equity (US)VTIPVanguard Malvern Funds Vanguard Short-Term Inflation-Protected Securities Index Fund2012-10
Equity (US)GLDDGreat Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation Common Stock2006-12
Equity (US)ESPOVanEck Video Gaming and eSports ETF2018-10
Equity (US)ESPREsperion Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2013-06
Equity (US)GIACGesher I Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-11
Equity (US)CSTECaesarstone Ltd. Ordinary Shares2012-03
Equity (US)GIACUGesher I Acquisition Corp.Unit2021-10
Equity (US)HAACHealth Assurance Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)HAEHaemonetics Corporation1991-05
Equity (US)CYCNCyclerion Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-03
Equity (US)KALVKalVista Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2015-04
Equity (US)FLNCFluence Energy, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)FLNGFLEX LNG Ltd. Ordinary Shares2019-06
Equity (US)GLEEUGladstone Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-08
Equity (US)FLXSFlexsteel Industries, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)HARPHarpoon Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-02
Equity (US)HASIHANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL INC2013-04
Equity (US)FNWDFinward Bancorp Common Stock1998-05
Equity (US)GIBCGI Inc.1998-10
Equity (US)GICGlobal Industrial Company1995-06
Equity (US)GIFIGulf Island Fabrication, Inc. Common Stock1997-04
Equity (US)GJRSynthetic Fixed Income Securities, Inc. Floating Rate Structured Repackaged Asset-Backed Trust Secur2007-12
Equity (US)CRICarter's Inc.2003-10
Equity (US)ECVTEcovyst Inc.2017-09
Equity (US)VTHRVanguard Scottsdale Funds Vanguard Russell 3000 ETF2010-09
Equity (US)ZEALZealand Pharma A/S American Depositary Shares2017-08
Equity (US)BOASBOA Acquisition Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)HBANHuntington Bancshares Incorporated Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)HBANMHuntington Bancshares Incorporated Depositary Shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of Huntington Series I Preferred Stock2021-06
Equity (US)ZENVZenvia Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)HBMHudbay Minerals Inc.2009-02
Equity (US)HBTHBT Financial, Inc. Common Stock2019-10
Equity (US)HCATHealth Catalyst, Inc Common Stock2019-07
Equity (US)HCICHennessy Capital Investment Corp. V Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)JBKLehman ABS Corp 3.50 Adj Corp Backed Tr Cert Goldman Cap I2004-04
Equity (US)JCTCFJewett-Cameron Trading Company Common Shares1996-04
Equity (US)CTAQUCarney Technology Acquisition Corp. II Units2020-12
Equity (US)CTASCintas Corporation Common Stock1983-08
Equity (US)FOCSFocus Financial Partners Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)ZEPPZepp Health Corporation2018-02
Equity (US)GMABGenmab A/S ADS2009-06
Equity (US)GMDAGamida Cell Ltd. Ordinary Shares2018-10
Equity (US)FRPHFRP Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1986-07
Equity (US)FRPTFreshpet, Inc. Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)FRSGFirst Reserve Sustainable Growth Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)FTEVFinTech Evolution Acquisition Group2021-04
Equity (US)GENIGenius Sports Limited2020-10
Equity (US)ZESTEcoark Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2010-02
Equity (US)LOGILogitech International S.A. Ordinary Shares1997-03
Equity (US)SOUNSoundHound AI, Inc Class A Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)LPXLouisiana-Pacific Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)SOLOElectrameccanica Vehicles Corp. Ltd. Common Stock2018-08
Equity (US)LPLALPL Financial Holdings Inc. Common Stock2010-11
Equity (US)SOVOSovos Brands, Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)LPGDORIAN LPG LTD2014-05
Equity (US)SOJCThe Southern Company Series 2017B 5.25% Junior Subordinated Notes due December 1, 20772017-11
Equity (US)CTBBQwest Corporation 6.5% Notes due 20562016-08
Equity (US)CTGComputer Task Group, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)GMREGlobal Medical REIT Inc.2016-06
Equity (US)GMSGMS Inc.2016-05
Equity (US)HCICUHennessy Capital Investment Corp. V Units2021-01
Equity (US)HCIIHudson Executive Investment Corp. II Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)HCIIUHudson Executive Investment Corp. II Unit2021-01
Equity (US)HCKTHackett Group Inc (The). Common Stock1998-05
Equity (US)HCVIHennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)HCVIUHennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI Unit2021-09
Equity (US)HHCThe Howard Hughes Corporation2010-11
Equity (US)LNWLight & Wonder, Inc. Common Stock1984-08
Equity (US)ACERAcer Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock (DE)2004-04
Equity (US)ODCOil-Dri Corporation of America1980-03
Equity (US)BNYBlackRock New York Municipal Income Trust2001-07
Equity (US)KALUKaiser Aluminum Corporation Common Stock2006-07
Equity (US)BOACBluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp.2020-12
Equity (US)HILSHillstream BioPharma, Inc. Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)HIMSHims & Hers Health, Inc.2019-09
Equity (US)HISFFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV First Trust High Income Strategic Focus ETF2014-08
Equity (US)HIVEHive Blockchain Technologies Ltd. Common Shares2011-02
Equity (US)HIXWestern Asset High Income Fund II, Inc.1998-05
Equity (US)HLHecla Mining Company1980-03
Equity (US)UBSIUnited Bankshares, Inc. Common Stock1987-06
Equity (US)HUTHut 8 Mining Corp. Common Shares2018-03
Equity (US)PPHPRPHP Ventures Acquisition Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)KOFCoca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B DE C.V1993-09
Equity (US)SSDSimpson Manufacturing Co., Inc.1994-05
Equity (US)SSNTSilverSun Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2012-04
Equity (US)AFGAmerican Financial Group, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)KOSKosmos Energy Ltd.2011-05
Equity (US)KPRXKiora Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2015-02
Equity (US)LIVBULIV Capital Acquisition Corp. II Unit2022-02
Equity (US)LIVELive Ventures Incorporated Common Stock2002-01
Equity (US)LIVNLivaNova PLC Ordinary Shares2015-10
Equity (US)LIXTLixte Biotechnology Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2007-10
Equity (US)DVNDevon Energy Corporation1985-07
Equity (US)SOISolaris Oilfield Infrastructure, Inc.2017-05
Equity (US)FUNCedar Fair, L.P.1987-04
Equity (US)SOHOOSotherly Hotels Inc. 7.875% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2017-10
Equity (US)UBSUBS Group AG2000-05
Equity (US)BOCBoston Omaha Corporation2017-06
Equity (US)LMSTLimestone Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2006-09
Equity (US)CIACitizens, Inc.1980-12
Equity (US)MITTAG MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST, INC.2011-06
Equity (US)GNACUGroup Nine Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)HOODRobinhood Markets, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)HORIUEmerging Markets Horizon Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)MKCMcCormick & Company, Incorporated Non-VTG CS1979-12
Equity (US)UBPUrstadt Biddle Properties Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)KACLUKairous Acquisition Corp. Limited Unit2021-12
Equity (US)PHMPultegroup, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)THQTEKLA HEALTHCARE OPPORTUNITIES FUND2014-07
Equity (US)THRTHERMON GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.2011-05
Equity (US)THRMGentherm Inc Common Stock1993-06
Equity (US)CTLPCantaloupe, Inc. Common Stock1999-06
Equity (US)CTMXCytomX Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-10
Equity (US)THRNThorne Healthtech, Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)THSTreehouse Foods, Inc.2005-06
Equity (US)SUSBiShares Trust iShares ESG Aware 1-5 Year USD Corporate Bond ETF2017-07
Equity (US)FLGCFlora Growth Corp. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)PPHPPHP Ventures Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)UMBFUMB Financial Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)HTOOFusion Fuel Green PLC Class A Ordinary Shares2020-12
Equity (US)PPGPPG Industries, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)HOTHHoth Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-02
Equity (US)HOVNPHovnanian Enterprises Inc Dep Shr Srs A Pfd2005-11
Equity (US)AERIAerie Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2013-10
Equity (US)AGGRAgile Growth Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-05
Equity (US)EFOIEnergy Focus, Inc. Common Stock1994-08
Equity (US)CTOCTO Realty Growth, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)CTOSCustom Truck One Source, Inc.2017-10
Equity (US)TACTTransAct Technologies Incorporated Common Stock1996-08
Equity (US)EFREaton Vance Senior Floating-Rate Fund2003-11
Equity (US)NLSNNielsen Holdings plc2011-01
Equity (US)ZETAZeta Global Holdings Corp.2021-06
Equity (US)CCTSUCactus Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited Unit2021-10
Equity (US)HOWLWerewolf Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)HPLTHome Plate Acquisition Corporation Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)HPLTUHome Plate Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-09
Equity (US)ZEUSOlympic Steel, Inc. Common Stock1994-03
Equity (US)ESSCREast Stone Acquisition Corporation Right2022-11
Equity (US)ZEVLightning eMotors, Inc.2020-07
Equity (US)SRVThe Cushing MLP & Infrastructure Total Return Fund2007-09
Equity (US)ZGENEA Series Trust The Generation Z ETF2021-12
Equity (US)ZGNErmenegildo Zegna N.V.2021-12
Equity (US)KAIRKairos Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)SBNYSignature Bank Common Stock2004-03
Equity (US)UMCUnited Microelectronic Corp.2000-09
Equity (US)ACNBACNB Corporation Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)TAROTaro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.1982-09
Equity (US)TARSTarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)ACGLArch Capital Group Ltd. Common Stock1995-09
Equity (US)AKTXAkari Therapeutics plc ADS2014-01
Equity (US)UBOHUnited Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock1996-04
Equity (US)AWKAmerican Water Works Company, Inc2008-04
Equity (US)AWPabrdn Global Premier Properties Fund2007-04
Equity (US)BLUEbluebird bio, Inc. Common Stock2013-06
Equity (US)CTXRCitius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2014-10
Equity (US)HPSJohn Hancock Preferred Income Fund III2003-06
Equity (US)HTDJohn Hancock Tax-Advantaged Dividend Income Fund2004-02
Equity (US)CUBICUSTOMERS BANCORP INC2012-03
Equity (US)GTYGetty Realty Corp.1979-12
Equity (US)HAINHain Celestial Group, Inc. (The) Common Stock1994-01
Equity (US)TASTCarrols Restaurant Group, Inc. Common Stock2006-12
Equity (US)NBSENeuBase Therapeutics, Inc.  Common Stock2004-05
Equity (US)HALLHallmark Financial Services, Inc. Common Stock1989-09
Equity (US)COFCapital One Financial1994-11
Equity (US)KAIIUKismet Acquisition Two Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)LNTHLantheus Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)GPORGulfport Energy Corporation2021-05
Equity (US)GPREGreen Plains Inc. Common Stock2006-03
Equity (US)GRFSGrifols, S.A. American Depositary Shares2011-06
Equity (US)DAOOUCrypto 1 Acquisition Corp Unit2021-12
Equity (US)GRNAGreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)GRNQGreenpro Capital Corp. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)SXIStandex International Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)HCWBHCW Biologics Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)EWBCEast West Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1999-02
Equity (US)CURVTorrid Holdings Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)CVETCovetrus, Inc. Common Stock2019-02
Equity (US)HCXYHercules Capital, Inc. 6.25% Notes due 20332018-09
Equity (US)HQHTekla Healthcare Investors1987-04
Equity (US)HQYHealthEquity, Inc. Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)HRHealthcare Realty Trust Incorporated2012-06
Equity (US)HRLHormel Foods Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)HROWLHarrow Health, Inc. 8.625% Senior Notes due 20262021-05
Equity (US)HRTGHERITAGE INSURANCE HOLDINGS INC2014-05
Equity (US)HTBKHeritage Commerce Corp Common Stock1998-07
Equity (US)HTCRHeartcore Enterprises, Inc. Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)HTIAHealthcare Trust, Inc. 7.375% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2019-12
Equity (US)HUBBHubbell Incorporated1979-12
Equity (US)ECLEcolab, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)SBLKStar Bulk Carriers Corp. Common Shares2007-12
Equity (US)SRTSSensus Healthcare, Inc. Common Stock2016-07
Equity (US)BRQSBorqs Technologies, Inc. Ordinary Shares2015-11
Equity (US)CDAYCeridian HCM Holding2018-04
Equity (US)CDTXCidara Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-04
Equity (US)HUIZHuize Holding Limited American Depositary Shares2020-02
Equity (US)HUMAHumacyte, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)HWKZHawks Acquisition Corp2021-11
Equity (US)BIGZBlackRock Innovation and Growth Trust2021-03
Equity (US)BNNRUBanner Acquisition Corp. Units2021-09
Equity (US)CVLTCommvault Systems, Inc. Common Stock2006-09
Equity (US)CWKCushman & Wakefield plc Ordinary Shares2018-08
Equity (US)HUNHuntsman Corporation2005-02
Equity (US)HVTHaverty Furniture Companies, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)HYHYSTER-YALE MATERIALS HANDLING, INC2012-10
Equity (US)ICLICL Group Ltd.2005-03
Equity (US)NVRONEVRO CORP.2014-11
Equity (US)QTWOQ2 Holdings Inc2014-03
Equity (US)FHIFederated Hermes, Inc.1998-05
Equity (US)CDXCChromaDex Corporation Common Stock2008-06
Equity (US)TLISTalis Biomedical Corporation Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)TLKPT Telekomunikasi Indonesia1995-11
Equity (US)TMSTTIMKENSTEEL CORPORATION2014-06
Equity (US)CDXSCodexis, Inc. Common Stock2010-04
Equity (US)CDZIPCadiz, Inc. Depositary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)ACIUAC Immune SA Common Stock2016-09
Equity (US)CXHMFS Investment Grade Municipal Trust1989-05
Equity (US)FBIZFirst Business Financial Services, Inc. Common Stock2005-11
Equity (US)EXPEagle Materials, Inc.1994-04
Equity (US)PPBTPurple Biotech Ltd. American Depositary Shares2015-11
Equity (US)EXPDExpeditors International of Washington, Inc. Common Stock1984-09
Equity (US)GSBDGoldman Sachs BDC, Inc.2015-03
Equity (US)SRTStartek Inc.1997-06
Equity (US)SRSAUSarissa Capital Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-10
Equity (US)TMXTerminix Global Holdings, Inc.2014-06
Equity (US)TNDMTandem Diabetes Care, Inc. Common Stock2013-11
Equity (US)TNETTRINET GROUP, INC.2014-03
Equity (US)TNONTenon Medical, Inc. Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)LNTAlliant Energy Corporation Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)ACIWACI Worldwide, Inc. Common Stock1995-02
Equity (US)ACLSAxcelis Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2000-07
Equity (US)ABOSAcumen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)ACVVirtus Diversified Income & Convertible Fund2015-05
Equity (US)AGMFederal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation1994-02
Equity (US)TNPTsakos Energy Navigation Ltd.2002-03
Equity (US)TOLToll Brothers, Inc.1986-07
Equity (US)TOSTToast, Inc.2021-09
Equity (US)FBIOPFortress Biotech, Inc. 9.375% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2017-11
Equity (US)AMCAMC ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.2013-12
Equity (US)HYDRGlobal X Funds Global X Hydrogen ETF2021-07
Equity (US)HYFMHydrofarm Holdings Group, Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)IFRXInflaRx N.V. Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)LOBLive Oak Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)HBANPHuntington Bancshares Incorporated Depositary Shares 4.500% Series H Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2021-02
Equity (US)HCCIHeritage-Crystal Clean, Inc. Common Stock2008-03
Equity (US)HCDIHarbor Custom Development, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)HHGCUHHG Capital Corporation Units2021-09
Equity (US)VFCV.F. Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)HHLAHH&L Acquisition Co.2021-03
Equity (US)WUThe Western Union Company2006-10
Equity (US)HHSHarte-Hanks, Inc. Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)IVCInvacare Corporation1984-05
Equity (US)CYTCyteir Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)HYIWestern Asset High Yield Defined Opportunity Fund Inc.2010-10
Equity (US)CYTHCyclo Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2000-05
Equity (US)CMGChipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.2006-01
Equity (US)CNCEConcert Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)TPRTapestry, Inc. Common Stock2000-10
Equity (US)TPSTTempest Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2012-11
Equity (US)TPTATerra Property Trust, Inc. 6.00% Notes due 20262021-06
Equity (US)CNGLCanna-Global Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)CARAvis Budget Group, Inc. Common Stock1983-09
Equity (US)CNOCNO Financial Group, Inc.2003-09
Equity (US)CNGLUCanna-Global Acquisition Corp Unit2021-11
Equity (US)BNRGBrenmiller Energy Ltd Ordinary Shares2022-05
Equity (US)TATravelCenters of America Inc. Common Stock2007-02
Equity (US)HCDIPHarbor Custom Development, Inc. 8.0% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, no par value2021-06
Equity (US)TPXTEMPUR SEALY INTERNATIONAL, INC.2003-12
Equity (US)HEHawaiian Electric Industries, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)TRCTejon Ranch Co.1980-03
Equity (US)TRCATwin Ridge Capital Acquisition Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)CYTKCytokinetics, Incorporated Common Stock2004-04
Equity (US)TRDAEntrada Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)TREELendingTree, Inc. Common Stock2008-08
Equity (US)RENECartesian Growth Corporation II Class A Ordinary Shares2022-07
Equity (US)CYXTCyxtera Technologies, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)ACLXArcellx, Inc. Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)ACMRACM Research, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)CZFSCitizens Financial Services, Inc. Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)HEARTurtle Beach Corporation Common Stock2010-11
Equity (US)NVONovo-Nordisk A/S1981-04
Equity (US)RDNRadian Group Inc.1992-10
Equity (US)SNRHUSenior Connect Acquisition Corp. I Unit2020-12
Equity (US)IPInternational Paper Co.1979-12
Equity (US)LFLYLeafly Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2019-12
Equity (US)IPOFSocial Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. VI2020-11
Equity (US)TRGPTarga Resources Corp.2010-12
Equity (US)TRHCTabula Rasa HealthCare, Inc. Common Stock2016-09
Equity (US)TRIThomson Reuters Corporation2002-06
Equity (US)TRIPTripAdvisor, Inc. Common Stock2011-12
Equity (US)TRTLTortoiseEcofin Acquisition Corp. III2021-09
Equity (US)TRTNTriton International Limited2005-10
Equity (US)ACONAclarion, Inc. Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)GUREGulf Resources, Inc. (NV) Common Stock2006-10
Equity (US)SAMGSilvercrest Asset Management Group Inc. Class A Common Stock2013-06
Equity (US)HYMCHycroft Mining Holding Corporation Class A Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)HTFCHorizon Technology Finance Corporation 6.25% Notes due 20272022-06
Equity (US)AACAres Acquisition Corporation2021-03
Equity (US)CHYCalamos Convertible and High Income Fund Common Stock2003-05
Equity (US)HIFSHingham Institution for Savings Common Stock1988-12
Equity (US)HIGThe Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.1995-12
Equity (US)HIGAH.I.G. Acquisition Corp.2020-12
Equity (US)TSITCW Strategic Income Fund, Inc.1987-02
Equity (US)TSIBTishman Speyer Innovation Corp. II Class A common stock2021-04
Equity (US)TSIBUTishman Speyer Innovation Corp. II Unit2021-02
Equity (US)TSPQTCW Special Purpose Acquisition Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)DOCSDoximity, Inc.2021-06
Equity (US)GVCIGreen Visor Financial Technology Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)GVCIUGreen Visor Financial Technology Acquisition Corp. I Units2021-11
Equity (US)GVPGSE Systems, Inc. Common Stock1995-07
Equity (US)HIHOHighway Holdings Limited Common Stock1996-12
Equity (US)HYPRHyperfine, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)HYZDWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged High Yield Bond Fund2013-12
Equity (US)HYZNHyzon Motors Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)HZNHorizon Global Corporation2015-06
Equity (US)HIIHuntington Ingalls Industries, Inc.2011-03
Equity (US)FBNCFirst Bancorp Common Stock1987-04
Equity (US)FEAM5E Advanced Materials, Inc. Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)DAOYoudao, Inc. American Depositary Shares, each representing one Class A Ordinary Share2019-10
Equity (US)DAREDare Bioscience, Inc. Common Stock2014-04
Equity (US)DAWNDay One Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)DCFBNY Mellon Alcentra Global Credit Income 2024 Target Term Fund, Inc.2017-10
Equity (US)TTSHTile Shop Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2012-08
Equity (US)FIXComfort Systems USA, Inc.1997-06
Equity (US)HLVXHilleVax, Inc. Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)HZOMarineMax, Inc.1998-06
Equity (US)HZONHorizon Acquisition Corporation II2020-12
Equity (US)IACCION Acquisition Corp 3 Ltd.2021-04
Equity (US)HMCOHumanCo Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)HMCOUHumanCo Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-12
Equity (US)HMPTHome Point Capital, Inc Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)UBNDVictory Portfolios II VictoryShares ESG Core Plus Bond ETF2021-10
Equity (US)SVASinovac Biotech, Ltd. Ordinary Shares2003-09
Equity (US)SRSASarissa Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2020-12
Equity (US)UBFOUnited Security Bancshares Common Stock1999-03
Equity (US)TXMDTherapeuticsMD, Inc. Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)EFSCEnterprise Financial Services Corporation Common Stock2003-07
Equity (US)WTWWillis Towers Watson Public Limited Company Ordinary Shares2001-06
Equity (US)EICEagle Point Income Company Inc.2019-07
Equity (US)IASIntegral Ad Science Holding Corp. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)IBAIndustrias Bachoco SAB De C.V.1997-09
Equity (US)IBBiShares Biotechnology ETF2001-02
Equity (US)MMATMeta Materials Inc. Common Stock2010-11
Equity (US)DFHDream Finders Homes, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)DSXDiana Shipping, Inc.2005-03
Equity (US)ZHZhihu Inc. American Depositary Shares (every two of each representing one Class A ordinary share)2021-03
Equity (US)ELVTElevate Credit, Inc.2017-04
Equity (US)ZIZoomInfo Technologies Inc Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)UFCSUnited Fire Group, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)ACQRUIndependence Holdings Corp. Units2021-03
Equity (US)RGSRegis Corporation1991-06
Equity (US)ZIMZIM Integrated Shipping Services Ltd.2021-01
Equity (US)SRRKScholar Rock Holding Corporation Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)SRPTSarepta Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock (DE)1997-06
Equity (US)ZIMVZimVie Inc. Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)SRNESorrento Therapeutics, Inc.  Common Stock2007-03
Equity (US)CIRCIRCOR International, Inc1999-10
Equity (US)CASICASI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock1996-06
Equity (US)CLRCRClimateRock Right2022-11
Equity (US)CISOCerberus Cyber Sentinel Corporation Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)CIVICivitas Resources, Inc.2011-12
Equity (US)CLDXCelldex Therapeutics, Inc.1986-05
Equity (US)UGROUrban-Gro, Inc. Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)UHALAmerco Common Stock1994-11
Equity (US)HTYJOHN HANCOCK TAX-ADVANTAGED GLOBAL SHAREHOLDER YIELD FUND2007-09
Equity (US)FFINFirst Financial Bankshares, Inc. Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)FFNWFirst Financial Northwest, Inc. Common Stock2007-10
Equity (US)FHBFirst Hawaiian, Inc. Common Stock2016-08
Equity (US)IBNICICI Bank Limited2000-03
Equity (US)IBTEiShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2024 Term Treasury ETF2020-03
Equity (US)FITBPFifth Third Bancorp Depositary Shares each representing 1/40th share of Fifth Third 6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class B Preferred Stock, Series A2019-08
Equity (US)HTZHertz Global Holdings, Inc Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)HYWHywin Holdings Ltd. American Depositary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)HZNPHorizon Therapeutics Public Limited Company Ordinary Shares2011-07
Equity (US)CNICanadian National Railway1996-11
Equity (US)COHUCohu, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)COLBColumbia Banking System, Inc. Common Stock1992-06
Equity (US)UBERUber Technologies, Inc.2019-05
Equity (US)UBAUrstadt Biddle Properties Inc. Class A1998-08
Equity (US)GWREGUIDEWIRE SOFTWARE, INC.2012-01
Equity (US)GXIIGX Acquisition Corp. II Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)CEADCEA Industries Inc. Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)CECECECO Environmental Corp. Common Stock1980-11
Equity (US)IBTGiShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2026 Term Treasury ETF2020-02
Equity (US)IBTHiShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2027 Term Treasury ETF2020-02
Equity (US)IBTJiShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2029 Term Treasury ETF2020-02
Equity (US)ICEIntercontinental Exchange  Inc.2005-11
Equity (US)ICVXIcosavax, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)CEEThe Central and Eastern Europe Fund, Inc.1990-02
Equity (US)CELCCelcuity Inc. Common Stock2017-09
Equity (US)FLNFirst Trust Latin America AlphaDEX Fund2011-04
Equity (US)HSKAHeska Corporation Common Stock1997-07
Equity (US)HSONHudson Global, Inc. Common Stock2003-03
Equity (US)HSTMHealthStream, Inc. Common Stock2000-04
Equity (US)HTAQHunt Companies Acquisition Corp. I2021-12
Equity (US)HTLDHeartland Express, Inc. Common Stock1986-11
Equity (US)HTLFHeartland Financial USA, Inc. Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)GXIIUGX Acquisition Corp. II Unit2021-03
Equity (US)GXOGXO Logistics, Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)INSMInsmed, Inc. Common Stock2000-06
Equity (US)ITGRInteger Holdings Corporation2000-09
Equity (US)CLEUChina Liberal Education Holdings Limited Ordinary Shares2020-05
Equity (US)MRVIMaravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)CLFDClearfield, Inc. Common Stock1986-08
Equity (US)CPACCEMENTOS PACASMAYO S.A.A.2012-02
Equity (US)DOXAmdocs Limited Ordinary Shares1998-06
Equity (US)USLMUnited States Lime & Minerals, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)VBFINVESCO  BOND FUND1982-12
Equity (US)VEVVicinity Motor Corp. Common Stock2016-03
Equity (US)BGBBlackstone Strategic Credit Fund2012-09
Equity (US)FINMUMarlin Technology Corporation Unit2021-01
Equity (US)FINSAngel Oak Financial Strategies Income Term Trust2019-05
Equity (US)IEIiShares 3-7 Year Treasury Bond ETF2007-01
Equity (US)IFNThe India Fund, Inc.1994-02
Equity (US)WTTRSelect Energy Services, Inc.2017-06
Equity (US)CHCIComstock Holding Companies, Inc. Class A Common Stock2004-12
Equity (US)CNDTConduent Incorporated Common Stock2016-12
Equity (US)GTACUGlobal Technology Acquisition Corp. I Unit2021-10
Equity (US)HTPAHighland Transcend Partners I Corp.2021-01
Equity (US)GTBPGT Biopharma, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)SAMAUSchultze Special Purpose Acquisition Corp. II Units2021-10
Equity (US)ACABUAtlantic Coastal Acquisition Corp. II Unit2022-01
Equity (US)PLAOUPatria Latin American Opportunity Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-03
Equity (US)PLBYPLBY Group, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)USERUserTesting, Inc.2021-11
Equity (US)HBBHamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Class A Common Stock2017-09
Equity (US)IGTInternational Game Technology PLC1990-03
Equity (US)IGTARInception Growth Acquisition Limited Rights2022-11
Equity (US)IHiHuman Inc. American depositary shares, each representing five Class A ordinary shares2020-10
Equity (US)IHRTiHeartMedia, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-07
Equity (US)DUOLDuolingo, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)DUOTDuos Technologies Group, Inc. Common Stock2017-05
Equity (US)USFDUS Foods Holding Corp.2016-05
Equity (US)SRLPSPRAGUE RESOURCES LP2013-10
Equity (US)AACIArmada Acquisition Corp. I Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)ALLYAlly Financial Inc.2014-01
Equity (US)FCXFreeport-McMoran Inc.1995-07
Equity (US)ADILAdial Pharmaceuticals, Inc Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)AOSA.O. Smith Corporation1983-09
Equity (US)PPBIPacific Premier Bancorp Inc1997-06
Equity (US)CHRBCharah Solutions, Inc. 8.50% Senior Notes due 20262021-08
Equity (US)CHSCLCHS Inc Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 42015-01
Equity (US)HCNEJaws Hurricane Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)HCNEUJaws Hurricane Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-06
Equity (US)HCPHashiCorp, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)HPHelmerich & Payne, Inc.1980-10
Equity (US)IMBILiMedia Brands, Inc. 8.5% Senior Notes Due 20262021-09
Equity (US)CIFMFS Intermediate High Income Fund1988-07
Equity (US)DVLUFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Dorsey Wright Momentum & Value ETF2018-10
Equity (US)DWACDigital World Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)SKGRUSK Growth Opportunities Corporation Unit2022-06
Equity (US)ACTGAcacia Research Corporation (Acacia Tech) Common Stock2002-12
Equity (US)ADMPAdamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation Common Stock1995-08
Equity (US)ADNAdvent Technologies Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-01
Equity (US)CLGNCollPlant Biotechnologies Ltd Ordinary Shares2018-01
Equity (US)IAAIAA, Inc. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)IACIAC/InterActiveCorp Common Stock1993-01
Equity (US)IMCCIM Cannabis Corp. Common Shares2020-05
Equity (US)IMTXImmatics N.V. Ordinary Shares2018-12
Equity (US)IMUXImmunic, Inc. Common Stock2014-04
Equity (US)IMVIMV Inc. Common Shares2009-10
Equity (US)PMDPsychemedics Corporation1987-01
Equity (US)PMEPingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd.2011-08
Equity (US)PMFPIMCO MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND COMMON SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTERST2001-06
Equity (US)IAEVOYA ASIA PACIFIC HIGH DIVIDEND EQUITY INCOME FUND2007-03
Equity (US)COOThe Cooper Companies, Inc.1983-01
Equity (US)COPConocoPhillips1981-12
Equity (US)DWSHAdvisorShares Trust AdvisorShares Dorsey Wright Short ETF2018-07
Equity (US)DXDynex Capital, Inc.1988-02
Equity (US)DXCMDexCom, Inc. Common Stock2005-04
Equity (US)DYAIDyadic International, Inc. Common Stock2008-01
Equity (US)FINVFinVolution Group American depositary shares, each representing five Class A ordinary shares2017-11
Equity (US)HPIJohn Hancock Preferred Income Fund2003-07
Equity (US)FINWFinWise Bancorp Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)IMVTImmunovant, Inc. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)ITQRUItiquira Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)GTECGreenland Technologies Holding Corporation Ordinary Shares2018-08
Equity (US)ENERRAccretion Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)BXSLBlackstone Secured Lending Fund2021-10
Equity (US)CIVBCivista Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)CIZNCitizens Holding Company Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)CLAYUChavant Capital Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-07
Equity (US)AJXGreat Ajax Corp.2015-02
Equity (US)DYFNAngel Oak Dynamic Financial Strategies Income Term Trust2020-06
Equity (US)EBCEastern Bankshares, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)EWJViShares Trust iShares MSCI Japan Value ETF2019-03
Equity (US)CLBCore Laboratories N.V.1995-09
Equity (US)INBKFirst Internet Bancorp Common Stock2006-04
Equity (US)INBKZFirst Internet Bancorp 6.0% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due 20292019-06
Equity (US)CLBKColumbia Financial, Inc. Common Stock2018-04
Equity (US)AAMEAtlantic American Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)CMLSCumulus Media Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-08
Equity (US)SAIASaia, Inc. Common Stock2002-09
Equity (US)PPCPilgrim's Pride Corporation Common Stock1987-12
Equity (US)ZLABZai Lab Limited American Depositary Shares2017-09
Equity (US)GVAGranite Construction Inc.1990-04
Equity (US)ZMZoom Video Communications, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-04
Equity (US)WFCFWhere Food Comes From, Inc. Common Stock2006-11
Equity (US)WFGWest Fraser Timber Co. Ltd2009-02
Equity (US)UANCVR Partners, LP2011-04
Equity (US)ABSTAbsolute Software Corporation Common Stock2009-02
Equity (US)INCYIncyte Corp. Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)FDEUFirst Trust Dynamic Europe Equity Income Fund2015-09
Equity (US)INDBIndependent Bank Corp. Common Stock1986-05
Equity (US)INDPIndaptus Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-08
Equity (US)INFNInfinera Corporation Common Stock2007-06
Equity (US)EBIZGlobal X Funds Global X E-commerce ETF2018-11
Equity (US)EBONEbang International Holdings Inc. Class A Ordinary Shares2020-06
Equity (US)EBRCentrais Eletricas Brasileiras S.A.- Eletrobras American Depositary Shares (Each representing one Co2008-11
Equity (US)EBTCEnterprise Bancorp Inc Common Stock2005-02
Equity (US)ZTZimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)ZTAQUZimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. Units2021-06
Equity (US)CMSACMS Energy Corporation 5.625% Junior Subordinated Notes due 20782018-03
Equity (US)CMSCCMS Energy Corporation 5.875% Junior Subordinated Notes due 20782018-10
Equity (US)AMWLAmerican Well Corporation2020-09
Equity (US)CNOBPConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of 5.25% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A2021-08
Equity (US)CNQCanadian Natural Resources Limited2000-07
Equity (US)CNVYConvey Health Solutions Holdings, Inc.2021-06
Equity (US)CNXCNX Resources Corporation1999-04
Equity (US)HRBH&R Block, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)INFYInfosys Limited American Depositary Shares1999-03
Equity (US)INMInMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Shares2014-05
Equity (US)INMDInMode Ltd. Ordinary Shares2019-08
Equity (US)NVRNVR, Inc.1985-07
Equity (US)COCPCocrystal Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2012-02
Equity (US)CPTCamden Property Trust1993-07
Equity (US)CXDOCrexendo, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)ENVAEnova International, Inc.2014-11
Equity (US)FNGRFingerMotion, Inc. Common Stock2017-08
Equity (US)WINVUWinVest Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-09
Equity (US)ACWXiShares MSCI ACWI ex US ETF2008-04
Equity (US)SNASnap-on Incorporated1979-12
Equity (US)BASECouchbase, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)UAUnder Armour, Inc. Class C Common Stock, $0.0003 1/3 par value2016-03
Equity (US)UUnity Software Inc.2020-09
Equity (US)HRTHireRight Holdings Corporation2021-10
Equity (US)TZPSUTZP Strategies Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)ALVOAlvotech Ordinary Shares2022-06
Equity (US)INNVInnovAge Holding Corp. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)INOInovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock1998-12
Equity (US)AFGDAmerican Financial Group, Inc. 5.625% Subordinated Debentures due 20602020-06
Equity (US)SRLScully Royalty Ltd. Common Shares1996-05
Equity (US)OXMOxford Industries, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)WTSWatts Water Technologies, Inc. Class A1986-08
Equity (US)ENTFUEnterprise 4.0 Technology Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)CXEMFS High Income Municipal Trust1989-02
Equity (US)EWEBGlobal X Funds Global X Emerging Markets Internet & E-commerce ETF2020-11
Equity (US)FPAYFlexShopper, Inc. Common Stock2010-04
Equity (US)GJOSynthetic Fixed-Income Securities, Inc. 4.65% Floating Rate STRATS Certificates, Series 2005-42005-11
Equity (US)HGTYHagerty, Inc.2021-06
Equity (US)HHGCHHG Capital Corporation Ordinary Shares2021-11
Equity (US)WTMARWelsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp. one right to receive 1/10th of a share of common stock2022-11
Equity (US)GLBLUCartesian Growth Corporation Unit2021-02
Equity (US)GLBSGlobus Maritime Limited Common Stock2008-03
Equity (US)INSIInsight Select Income Fund1980-03
Equity (US)GLPGlobal Partners LP2005-09
Equity (US)GLPGGalapagos NV American Depositary Shares2012-02
Equity (US)ZTEKZentek Ltd. Common Stock2012-04
Equity (US)LAMRLamar Advertising Company Class A Common Stock1996-08
Equity (US)ACADACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock2004-05
Equity (US)TZPSTZP Strategies Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-03
Equity (US)EGANeGain Corporation Common Stock1999-09
Equity (US)WTMWhite Mountains Insurance Group Ltd.1985-10
Equity (US)CALACalithera Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2014-10
Equity (US)CNXAConnexa Sports Technologies Inc. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)KLXEKLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2018-08
Equity (US)EQCEquity Commonwealth1986-12
Equity (US)GTXGarrett Motion Inc. Common Stock2018-09
Equity (US)INTAIntapp, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)KWRQuaker Houghton1980-03
Equity (US)NZFNuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund2001-10
Equity (US)AXSAxis Capital Holders Limited2003-07
Equity (US)BJKVanEck Gaming ETF2008-01
Equity (US)WMBWilliams Companies Inc.1981-12
Equity (US)ESTCElastic N.V.2018-10
Equity (US)BSRRSierra Bancorp Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)ZINGUFTAC Zeus Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)ZIONZions Bancorporation N.A. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)CODXCo-Diagnostics, Inc. Common Stock2017-07
Equity (US)AERAercap Holdings N.V.2006-11
Equity (US)DASHDoorDash, Inc.2020-12
Equity (US)BFHBread Financial Holdings, Inc.2001-06
Equity (US)TYRATyra Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)BHEBenchmark Electronics1990-06
Equity (US)TXNTexas Instruments Incorporated Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)BHFBrighthouse Financial, Inc. Common Stock2017-07
Equity (US)BHFALBrighthouse Financial, Inc. 6.25% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 20582018-09
Equity (US)ROBTFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Nasdaq Artificial Intelligence and Robotics ETF2018-03
Equity (US)ENOBEnochian Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)JWACRJupiter Wellness Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)POWRUPowered Brands Units2021-01
Equity (US)CSPICSP Inc. Common Stock1982-01
Equity (US)LACLithium Americas Corp. Common Shares2008-09
Equity (US)CRDFCardiff Oncology, Inc. Common Stock2004-07
Equity (US)NNYNuveen New York Municipal Value Fund1987-10
Equity (US)CRDLCardiol Therapeutics Inc. Class A Common Shares2019-01
Equity (US)INTGIntergroup Corporation (The) Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)INTZIntrusion Inc. Common Stock1992-05
Equity (US)INVEIdentiv, Inc. Common Stock1997-10
Equity (US)IONSIonis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock1991-05
Equity (US)IOSPInnospec Inc. Common Stock1998-05
Equity (US)IPARInter Parfums, Inc. Common Stock1988-02
Equity (US)CRLCharles River Laboratories International, Inc.2000-06
Equity (US)KAMNKaman Corp1980-03
Equity (US)SRESempra1998-06
Equity (US)FLFVUFeutune Light Acquisition Corporation Unit2022-06
Equity (US)TXG10x Genomics, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-09
Equity (US)TXTernium S.A. American Depositary Shares2006-02
Equity (US)TWTRTwitter, Inc.2013-11
Equity (US)DCFCTritium DCFC Limited Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)GTPAGores Technology Partners, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)ENPHEnphase Energy, Inc. Common Stock2012-03
Equity (US)HLBZHelbiz, Inc. Class A Common stock2019-12
Equity (US)HLTHilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.2013-12
Equity (US)ENTAEnanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2013-03
Equity (US)IPAXInflection Point Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-11
Equity (US)IPODSocial Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. IV2020-11
Equity (US)ESIElement Solutions Inc.2013-10
Equity (US)KBHKB Home1986-08
Equity (US)TWOAtwo2021-03
Equity (US)DCGODocGo Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)DCODucommun Incorporated1979-12
Equity (US)AIMBUAimfinity Investment Corp. I Subunit2022-06
Equity (US)ALVAutoliv, Inc.1997-04
Equity (US)TWNITailwind International Acquisition Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)SRAXSRAX, Inc. Class A Common Stock2012-10
Equity (US)GBBKGlobal Blockchain Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2022-06
Equity (US)GBBKRGlobal Blockchain Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)EENI S.p.A.1995-11
Equity (US)HBCPHome Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2008-10
Equity (US)HCARHealthcare Services Acquisition Corporation Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)HCARUHealthcare Services Acquisition Corporation Unit2020-12
Equity (US)HCCWarrior Met Coal, Inc.2017-04
Equity (US)WTIW&T Offshore, Inc.2005-01
Equity (US)HIEMiller/Howard High Income Equity Fund2014-11
Equity (US)HIPOHippo Holdings Inc.2021-01
Equity (US)NRKNuveen New York AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund2003-01
Equity (US)AICArlington Asset Investment Corp.2015-03
Equity (US)AESCThe AES Corporation2021-03
Equity (US)TWNDTailwind Acquisition Corp.2020-10
Equity (US)CXSEWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree China ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund2012-09
Equity (US)CXWCoreCivic, Inc.1997-07
Equity (US)CYBECyberOptics Corporation Common Stock1988-04
Equity (US)BKYIBIO-key International, Inc. Common Stock1997-02
Equity (US)BLINBridgeline Digital, Inc. Common Stock2007-06
Equity (US)IPVIInterPrivate IV InfraTech Partners Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)IPVIUInterPrivate IV InfraTech Partners Inc. Units2021-03
Equity (US)IRTIndependence Realty Trust Inc.2013-08
Equity (US)HIWHighwoods Properties Inc.1994-06
Equity (US)HQLTekla Life Sciences Investors1992-05
Equity (US)HSCSHeart Test Laboratories, Inc. Common Stock2022-06
Equity (US)HSDTHelius Medical Technologies, Inc. Class A Common Stock (DE)2014-06
Equity (US)HSICHenry Schein, Inc. Common Stock1995-11
Equity (US)ACAXAlset Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)ACAXRAlset Capital Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)KAHCKKR Acquisition Holdings I Corp.2021-05
Equity (US)DCOMDime Community Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)KAIRUKairos Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)KALAKala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2017-07
Equity (US)DCPDCP Midstream, LP2005-12
Equity (US)GTLBGitLab Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)IRWDIronwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Class A Common Stock2010-02
Equity (US)ISironSource Ltd.2021-06
Equity (US)ISAAIron Spark I Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)ISDXInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco RAFI Strategic Developed ex-US ETF2018-09
Equity (US)NTCONatura &Co Holding S.A. American Depositary Shares (each representing two Common Shares)2020-01
Equity (US)DSGNDesign Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)EDTKSkillful Craftsman Education Technology Limited Ordinary Share2020-07
Equity (US)MTGMGIC Investment Corp.1991-08
Equity (US)NTGRNETGEAR, Inc. Common Stock2003-07
Equity (US)IDAIDACORP, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)ISEMInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco RAFI Strategic Emerging Markets ETF2018-09
Equity (US)ISHPFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust S-Network E-Commerce ETF2016-10
Equity (US)ISIGInsignia Systems, Inc. Common Stock1991-06
Equity (US)HVBCHV Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2017-01
Equity (US)ISPCiSpecimen Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)ITICInvestors Title Company Common Stock1986-12
Equity (US)ITOSiTeos Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)HWBKHawthorn Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock1999-07
Equity (US)WTFCWintrust Financial Corporation Common Stock1998-04
Equity (US)ACAXUAlset Capital Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-02
Equity (US)LRNStride, Inc.2007-12
Equity (US)NTICNorthern Technologies International Corporation Common Stock1992-03
Equity (US)PBLAPanbela Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2017-01
Equity (US)PEIPennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust1979-12
Equity (US)NTRSNorthern Trust Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)CNKCinemark Holdings, Inc.2007-04
Equity (US)POTXGlobal X Funds Global X Cannabis ETF2019-09
Equity (US)SRADSportradar Group AG Class A Ordinary Shares2021-09
Equity (US)TWLVTwelve Seas Investment Company II Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)AAPADVANCE AUTO PARTS INC2001-11
Equity (US)AVROAVROBIO, Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)AVTRAvantor, Inc.2019-05
Equity (US)CLVTClarivate Plc2018-10
Equity (US)CYRXCryoPort, Inc. Common Stock2005-08
Equity (US)WTERThe Alkaline Water Company Inc. Common Stock2013-11
Equity (US)ACBAurora Cannabis Inc. Common Shares2014-07
Equity (US)ACBAAce Global Business Acquisition Limited Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)ACBAUAce Global Business Acquisition Limited Unit2021-04
Equity (US)DDominion Energy, Inc Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)DACDanaos Corporation2006-10
Equity (US)DADADada Nexus Limited American Depositary Shares2020-06
Equity (US)EDTXEdtechX Holdings Acquisition Corp. II Class A common stock2021-01
Equity (US)FLEXFlex Ltd. Ordinary Shares1994-03
Equity (US)DAMVanEck ETF Trust VanEck Digital Assets Mining ETF2022-03
Equity (US)DAOOCrypto 1 Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)TWCBBilander Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)EDTXUEdtechX Holdings Acquisition Corp. II Unit2020-12
Equity (US)VNTVontier Corporation2020-09
Equity (US)GALTGalectin Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2002-09
Equity (US)TIRXTIAN RUIXIANG Holdings Ltd Class A Ordinary Shares2021-01
Equity (US)WHLRDWheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. Series D Cumulative Preferred Stock2017-07
Equity (US)ADESAdvanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. Common Stock2004-01
Equity (US)AGFSAgroFresh Solutions, Inc. Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)DAPPVanEck Digital Transformation ETF2021-04
Equity (US)HOLIHollysys Automation Technologies, Ltd. Common Shares (British Virgin Islands)2005-08
Equity (US)HOOKHOOKIPA Pharma Inc. Common Stock2019-04
Equity (US)HOPEHope Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1998-01
Equity (US)HORIEmerging Markets Horizon Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)HOURHour Loop, Inc. Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)HPFJohn Hancock Preferred Income Fund II2002-11
Equity (US)FHLTFuture Health ESG Corp. Common stock2021-12
Equity (US)FHLTUFuture Health ESG Corp. Unit2021-09
Equity (US)ACDIAscendant Digital Acquisition Corp. III2021-12
Equity (US)AGXArgan, Inc1995-08
Equity (US)FVTFortress Value Acquisition Corp. III2021-02
Equity (US)HPKHighPeak Energy, Inc. Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)HPPHudson Pacific Properties, Inc.2010-06
Equity (US)CRZNCorazon Capital V838 Monoceros Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)DBGIDigital Brands Group, Inc. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)ITUBItau Unibanco Holding S.A. American Depositary Shares2002-02
Equity (US)IUSInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco RAFI Strategic US ETF2018-09
Equity (US)IUSBiShares Core Total USD Bond Market ETF2014-06
Equity (US)TVETennessee Valley Authority Power Bonds 1999 Series A due May 1, 20291999-05
Equity (US)KRThe Kroger Co.1979-12
Equity (US)DELLDell Technologies Inc.2016-08
Equity (US)DTMDT Midstream, Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)DXCDXC Technology Company1981-12
Equity (US)KELYBKelly Services, Inc. Class B Common Stock1984-08
Equity (US)KLICKulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)GMEGameStop Corp. Class A2002-02
Equity (US)HQIHireQuest, Inc. Common Stock (DE)2003-10
Equity (US)FLNTFluent, Inc. Common Stock2007-12
Equity (US)JJacobs Engineering Group1980-03
Equity (US)JBGSJBG SMITH Properties Common Shares2017-07
Equity (US)JBIJanus International Group, Inc.2019-12
Equity (US)JBLUJetBlue Airways Corporation Common Stock2002-04
Equity (US)LNSRLENSAR, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)GMFIAetherium Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)GMFIUAetherium Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)RNERMount Rainier Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)CRZNUCorazon Capital V838 Monoceros Corp Unit2021-03
Equity (US)SRSpire Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)TVCTennessee Valley Authority Power Bonds 1998 Series D due June 1, 20281998-10
Equity (US)VSTVistra Corp.2016-10
Equity (US)JCENuveen Core Equity Alpha Fund2007-03
Equity (US)AGROADECOAGRO S.A.2011-01
Equity (US)JCICJack Creek Investment Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)JCICUJack Creek Investment Corp. Units2021-01
Equity (US)JCSEJE Cleantech Holdings Limited Ordinary Shares2022-04
Equity (US)JDJD.com, Inc. American Depositary Shares2014-05
Equity (US)JEFJefferies Financial Group Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)DBIDesigner Brands Inc.2005-06
Equity (US)DBLDOUBLELINE OPPORTUNISTIC CREDIT FUND2012-01
Equity (US)CIXXCI Financial Corp.2020-11
Equity (US)CGAUCenterra Gold Inc.2008-06
Equity (US)AGFYAgrify Corporation Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)HWCHancock Whitney Corporation Common Stock1991-06
Equity (US)IBETETF Series Solutions iBET Sports Betting and Gaming ETF2021-11
Equity (US)JELDJELD-WEN Holding, Inc.2017-01
Equity (US)JSMLJanus Detroit Street Trust Janus Henderson Small Cap Growth Alpha ETF2016-02
Equity (US)FNYFirst Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX Fund2011-04
Equity (US)IBEXIBEX Limited Common Shares2020-08
Equity (US)FOAFinance of America Companies Inc.2019-04
Equity (US)FOFCohen & Steers Closed End Opportunity Fund2006-11
Equity (US)XINXinyuan Real Estate Co. LTD2007-12
Equity (US)BGSXBuild Acquisition Corp.2021-05
Equity (US)AGNCAGNC Investment Corp. Common Stock2008-05
Equity (US)CLColgate-Palmolive Company1979-12
Equity (US)DGICBDonegal Group, Inc. Class B Common Stock1986-10
Equity (US)HRMYHarmony Biosciences Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)HROWHarrow Health, Inc. Common Stock2007-09
Equity (US)DTPDTE Energy Company 2019 Corporate Units2019-10
Equity (US)DTRTDTRT Health Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)JEQabrdn Japan Equity Fund, Inc.1992-08
Equity (US)JGAurora Mobile Limited American Depositary Shares2018-07
Equity (US)JHAANuveen Corporate Income 2023 Target Term Fund2018-12
Equity (US)DTRTUDTRT Health Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-09
Equity (US)DBVTDBV Technologies S.A. American Depositary Shares2014-10
Equity (US)DBXDropbox, Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)GHGuardant Health, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)FTNTFortinet, Inc. Common Stock2009-11
Equity (US)FTPAFTAC Parnassus Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)HRTXHeron Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock1987-08
Equity (US)HRZNHorizon Technology Finance Corporation Common Stock2010-10
Equity (US)HSAQHealth Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2 Ordinary Shares2020-08
Equity (US)FTQIFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Nasdaq BuyWrite Income ETF2014-01
Equity (US)GMBLPEsports Entertainment Group Inc. 10.0% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock2021-11
Equity (US)ATROAstronics Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)CSBRChampions Oncology, Inc. Common Stock2007-02
Equity (US)CSLMConsilium Acquisition Corp I, Ltd. Class A Ordinary Share2022-03
Equity (US)DWCRArrow Investments Trust Arrow DWA Country Rotation ETF2017-12
Equity (US)LMNDLemonade, Inc.2020-07
Equity (US)ENREnergizer Holdings, Inc2015-06
Equity (US)IDXXIDEXX Laboratories, Inc. Common Stock1991-06
Equity (US)LBBBRLakeshore Acquisition II Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)JLSNuveen Mortgage and Income Fund2009-11
Equity (US)JMACMaxpro Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)JMACUMaxpro Capital Acquisition Corp. Units2021-10
Equity (US)LBBBULakeshore Acquisition II Corp. Unit2022-03
Equity (US)LEGAULead Edge Growth Opportunities, Ltd Units2021-03
Equity (US)XPOXPO LOGISTICS, INC.2003-10
Equity (US)LGSTSemper Paratus Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)LPTHLightPath Technologies, Inc. Class A Common Stock1996-02
Equity (US)LPTXLeap Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2017-01
Equity (US)LRGELegg Mason ETF Investment Trust ClearBridge Large Cap Growth ESG ETF2017-05
Equity (US)SQZSQZ Biotechnologies Company2020-10
Equity (US)PAGPenske Automotive Group, Inc.1996-10
Equity (US)ATXIAvenue Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)LMFALM Funding America, Inc. Common Stock2015-12
Equity (US)ATYAcuityAds Holdings Inc. Common Shares2017-02
Equity (US)EQOSEQONEX LIMITED Ordinary Shares2019-05
Equity (US)FDTSFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDex Fund2012-02
Equity (US)FGBFirst Trust Specialty Finance and Financial Opportunities Fund2007-05
Equity (US)FGBIFirst Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2012-08
Equity (US)JOUTJohnson Outdoors Inc. Class A Common Stock1987-10
Equity (US)JPCNuveen Preferred & Income Opportunities Fund2003-03
Equity (US)FGBIPFirst Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 6.75% Series A Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2021-04
Equity (US)HSTHost Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)FNHCFedNat Holding Company Common Stock1998-11
Equity (US)FNVFranco-Nevada Corporation2007-12
Equity (US)PAGPPlains GP Holdings, L.P. Class A Units representing Limited Partner Interests2013-10
Equity (US)PAGSPagSeguro Digital Ltd.2018-01
Equity (US)JPSNuveen Preferred & Income Securities Fund2002-09
Equity (US)PGRProgressive Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)PALIPalisade Bio, Inc. Common Stock2007-03
Equity (US)CLWClearwater Paper Corporation2008-12
Equity (US)RNEMFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI Emerging Markets Equity Select ETF2017-07
Equity (US)TVGrupo Televisa S.A.1993-12
Equity (US)SQSPSquarespace, Inc.2021-05
Equity (US)TUYATuya Inc. American Depositary Shares, each representing one Class A Ordinary Share2021-03
Equity (US)AUIDIpsidy Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)FNXFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX Fund2007-05
Equity (US)FOLDAmicus Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)LKFNLakeland Financial Corporation Common Stock1997-08
Equity (US)HTHersha Hospitality Trust  Priority Class A Common Shares of Beneficial Interest1999-01
Equity (US)HTBIHomeTrust Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2012-07
Equity (US)LSBKLake Shore Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2006-04
Equity (US)LVRAULevere Holdings Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)JQCNuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund2003-06
Equity (US)MCAAMountain & Co. I Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)TUSKMammoth Energy Services, Inc. Common Stock2016-10
Equity (US)ACEVACE Convergence Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2020-09
Equity (US)GMVDG Medical Innovations Holdings Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)GNEGENIE ENERGY LTD2011-10
Equity (US)HTFBHorizon Technology Finance Corporation 4.875% Notes due 20262021-04
Equity (US)HTLFPHeartland Financial USA, Inc. Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/400th ownership interest in a share of 7.00% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series E2020-06
Equity (US)GNFTGENFIT S.A. American Depositary Shares2019-03
Equity (US)GNLGlobal Net Lease, Inc.2015-06
Equity (US)VRRMVerra Mobility Corporation Class A Common Stock2017-03
Equity (US)TUPTupperware Brands Corporation1996-05
Equity (US)JKSJINKOSOLAR HOLDINGS CO2010-05
Equity (US)FEDUFour Seasons Education (Cayman) Inc. American depositary shares, each representing ten (10) Ordinary2017-11
Equity (US)FFBCFirst Financial Bancorp. Common Stock1983-12
Equity (US)KBALKimball International, Inc. Class B Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)FOXAFox Corporation Class A Common Stock2019-03
Equity (US)FOXFFox Factory Holding Corp. Common Stock2013-08
Equity (US)AADIAadi Bioscience, Inc. Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)ACEVUACE Convergence Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-07
Equity (US)AQWAGlobal X Funds Global X Clean Water ETF2021-04
Equity (US)DEMZThe Advisors' Inner Circle Fund III Democratic Large Cap Core ETF2020-11
Equity (US)KBWDInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco KBW High Dividend Yield Financial ETF2010-12
Equity (US)LJAQULightJump Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-01
Equity (US)KBWPInvesco Exchange-Traded Fd Tr II Invesco KBW Property & Casualty Insurance ETF2010-12
Equity (US)KDPKeurig Dr Pepper Inc. Common Stock2008-05
Equity (US)KTKT Corp.1999-05
Equity (US)ACTEnact Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)DWMCAdvisorShares Trust AdvisorShares Dorsey Wright Micro-Cap ETF2018-07
Equity (US)DWPPFirst Trust Dorsey Wright People's Portfolio ETF2012-08
Equity (US)LIVBLIV Capital Acquisition Corp. II Class A Ordinary Shares2022-03
Equity (US)ACGLNArch Capital Group Ltd. Depositary Shares, each Representing a 1/1,000th Interest in a 4.550% Non-Cumulative Preferred Share, Series G2021-06
Equity (US)ACPabrdn Income Credit Strategies Fund2011-01
Equity (US)MCAERMountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III Right2022-11
Equity (US)FOXWFoxWayne Enterprises Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)FROGJFrog Ltd. Ordinary Shares2020-09
Equity (US)ITAQIndustrial Tech Acquisitions II, Inc. Class A Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)FSBCFive Star Bancorp Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)FSFGFirst Savings Financial Group, Inc. Common Stock2008-10
Equity (US)KNXKnight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc. Class A Common Stock1994-10
Equity (US)FSTXF-star Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2016-05
Equity (US)FSVFirstService Corporation Common Shares2015-06
Equity (US)GEGGLGreat Elm Group, Inc. 7.25% Notes due 20272022-06
Equity (US)VVIViad Corp2004-06
Equity (US)PFISPeoples Financial Services Corp. Common Stock2002-06
Equity (US)MCAGRMountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V Right2022-11
Equity (US)ADXNAddex Therapeutics Ltd American Depositary Shares2020-02
Equity (US)AEACAuthentic Equity Acquisition Corp. Class A ordinary share2021-03
Equity (US)AFLAflac Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)MCBSMetroCity Bankshares, Inc. Common Stock2019-09
Equity (US)PFLPIMCO Income Strategy  Fund2003-08
Equity (US)VNTRVenator Materials PLC2017-08
Equity (US)PFLTPennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd.2011-04
Equity (US)HWCPZHancock Whitney Corporation 6.25% Subordinated Notes due 20602020-06
Equity (US)HWKNHawkins, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)LATGULatAmGrowth SPAC Unit2022-01
Equity (US)GTThe Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)GTACGlobal Technology Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)MQTBlackrock Muni Yield Quality Fund II, Inc.1992-09
Equity (US)ACGLOArch Capital Group Ltd. Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 5.45% Non-Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series F2017-08
Equity (US)ACHRArcher Aviation Inc.2020-12
Equity (US)ACIIAtlas Crest Investment Corp. II2021-03
Equity (US)LITTULogistics Innovation Technologies Corp. Units2021-06
Equity (US)ALSARAlpha Star Acquisition Corporation Rights2022-11
Equity (US)ASCBA SPAC II Acquisition Corp. Ordinary Shares2022-05
Equity (US)EFASGlobal X Funds Global X MSCI SuperDividend EAFE ETF2016-12
Equity (US)EFLEaton Vance Floating-Rate 2022 Target Term Trust Common Shares of Beneficial Interest2017-07
Equity (US)ELBMElectra Battery Materials Corporation Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)AYLAAyala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2020-05
Equity (US)AYROAYRO, Inc. Common Stock2003-10
Equity (US)DXGEWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Germany Hedged Equity Fund2013-10
Equity (US)AENZAenza S.A.A.2013-07
Equity (US)ARCARC Document Solutions, Inc.2005-02
Equity (US)MGICMagic Software Enterprises Ltd. Ordinary Shares1991-08
Equity (US)AREAlexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.1997-05
Equity (US)ASAXAstrea Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)ATKRAtkore Inc.2016-06
Equity (US)ICFIICF International, Inc. Common Stock2006-09
Equity (US)ICHRIchor Holdings Ordinary Shares2016-12
Equity (US)ICLKiClick Interactive Asia Group Limited American Depositary Shares2017-12
Equity (US)IDAIT Stamp Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)IDCCInterDigital, Inc. Common Stock1981-11
Equity (US)FTFTFuture FinTech Group Inc. Common Stock2008-06
Equity (US)FYTFirst Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX Fund2011-04
Equity (US)AEPPZAmerican Electric Power Company, Inc. Corporate Units2020-08
Equity (US)FYXFirst Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX Fund2007-05
Equity (US)GAMBGambling.com Group Limited Ordinary Shares2021-07
Equity (US)BHFAOBrighthouse Financial, Inc. Depositary Shares 6.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B2020-05
Equity (US)TUGNListed Funds Trust TUG + Income & Nasdaq-100 ETF2022-05
Equity (US)TUGListed Funds Trust STF Tactical Growth ETF2022-05
Equity (US)DXJSWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Japan Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund2013-06
Equity (US)DXLGDestination XL Group, Inc. Common Stock1987-06
Equity (US)ACSTAcasti Pharma, Inc. Class A Common Stock2012-02
Equity (US)ARLOArlo Technologies, Inc.2018-08
Equity (US)IGFiShares Global Infrastructure ETF2007-12
Equity (US)IIIInformation Services Group, Inc. Information Services Group Inc. Common Stock2007-02
Equity (US)LOCCLive Oak Crestview Climate Acquisition Corp.2021-11
Equity (US)BIGBig Lots, Inc.1985-06
Equity (US)BSFCBlue Star Foods Corp. Common Stock2020-04
Equity (US)IGIWestern Asset Investment Grade Defined Opportunity Trust Inc.2009-07
Equity (US)OUSTOuster, Inc.2020-10
Equity (US)EQSEquus Total Return, Inc.1992-09
Equity (US)VONGVanguard Scottsdale Funds Vanguard Russell 1000 Growth ETF2010-09
Equity (US)ABMABM Industries, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)AGILAgileThought, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-01
Equity (US)AGIOAgios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2013-07
Equity (US)VRPXVirpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)BITFBitfarms Ltd. Common Stock2019-08
Equity (US)BUDAnheuser-Busch INBEV SA/NV2009-07
Equity (US)ADCAgree Realty Corporation1994-04
Equity (US)AEHAUAesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp Units2021-09
Equity (US)DFSDiscover Financial Services2007-06
Equity (US)BCMLBayCom Corp Common Stock2005-11
Equity (US)TUEMTuesday Morning Corp. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)GBABGuggenheim Taxable Municipal Bond & Investment Grade Debt Trust2010-10
Equity (US)GFGDUThe Growth for Good Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-12
Equity (US)SJMThe J.M. Smucker Company1994-10
Equity (US)STEPStepStone Group Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)MITMason Industrial Technology, Inc.2021-03
Equity (US)JKHYJack Henry & Associates, Inc. Common Stock1985-11
Equity (US)MITAColiseum Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-08
Equity (US)ACORAcorda Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2006-02
Equity (US)LPILaredo Petroleum, Inc.2011-12
Equity (US)MITAUColiseum Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-06
Equity (US)MLAIMcLaren Technology Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)DMXFiShares Trust iShares ESG Advanced MSCI EAFE ETF2020-06
Equity (US)GFFGriffon Corp1979-12
Equity (US)GFGDRThe Growth for Good Acquisition Corporation Right2022-11
Equity (US)AGFIRST MAJESTIC SILVER CORP2006-11
Equity (US)DNABSocial Capital Suvretta Holdings Corp. II Class A Ordinary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)DNMRDanimer Scientific, Inc.2020-05
Equity (US)DINDine Brands Global, Inc.1991-07
Equity (US)DNAYCodex DNA, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)VRNTVerint Systems Inc. Common Stock2002-05
Equity (US)EBIXEbix, Inc. Common Stock1987-07
Equity (US)AHHArmada Hoffler Properties, Inc.2013-05
Equity (US)SQQQProShares UltraPro Short QQQ2010-02
Equity (US)TUTelus Corporation1996-06
Equity (US)VRNSVaronis Systems, Inc. Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)INKAKludeIn I Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)VRNAVerona Pharma plc American Depositary Share2017-04
Equity (US)GFGFEA Series Trust Guru Favorite Stocks ETF2021-12
Equity (US)GFLUGFL Environmental Inc. Tangible Equity Units2020-03
Equity (US)AHPAAvista Public Acquisition Corp. II Class A Ordinary Shares2021-09
Equity (US)CAJCanon, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)LCILannett Company, Inc.1994-04
Equity (US)COLIUColicity Inc. Units2021-02
Equity (US)DNPDNP Select Income Fund Inc.1987-01
Equity (US)BNTCBenitec Biopharma Inc. Common Stock2014-06
Equity (US)ACQRIndependence Holdings Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-05
Equity (US)DNUTKrispy Kreme, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)PABUiShares Trust iShares Paris-Aligned Climate MSCI USA ETF2022-04
Equity (US)EDConsolidated Edison, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)ISOIsoPlexis Corporation Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)MINMMinim, Inc. Common Stock2009-10
Equity (US)GFLGFL Environmental Inc. Subordinate Voting Shares2020-03
Equity (US)GHGGreenTree Hospitality Group Ltd. American depositary shares, each representing one Class A ordinary2018-03
Equity (US)LIFEaTyr Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2015-05
Equity (US)GPGreenPower Motor Company Inc. Common Shares2020-08
Equity (US)EFXEquifax, Incorporated1980-03
Equity (US)LIDRAEye, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)EHIWestern Asset Global High Income Fund, Inc2003-07
Equity (US)VRMEVerifyMe, Inc. Common Stock2000-12
Equity (US)DNZD and Z Media Acquisition Corp.2021-03
Equity (US)DOCPHYSICIANS REALTY TRUST2013-07
Equity (US)BEAMBeam Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2020-02
Equity (US)DPCSDP Cap Acquisition Corp I Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)TTWOTake-Two Interactive Software, Inc. Common Stock1997-04
Equity (US)GTXAPGarrett Motion Inc. Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock2021-05
Equity (US)HEESH&E Equipment Services, Inc. Common Stock2006-01
Equity (US)TTPTORTOISE PIPELINE & ENERGY FUND, INC.2011-10
Equity (US)HEROGlobal X Funds Global X Video Games & Esports ETF2019-10
Equity (US)HEWGiShares Currency Hedged MSCI Germany ETF2014-02
Equity (US)IOTSamsara Inc.2021-12
Equity (US)IOVAIovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2010-10
Equity (US)RNDVFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI US Equity Dividend Select ETF2017-06
Equity (US)JJSFJ & J Snack Foods Corp. Common Stock1986-02
Equity (US)RNDMFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI Developed International Equity Select ETF2017-06
Equity (US)EMEEMCOR Group, Inc.1995-01
Equity (US)GLBEGlobal-E Online Ltd. Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)AEAEUAltEnergy Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)ALBAlbemarle Corporation1994-02
Equity (US)GLREGreenlight Capital Re, Ltd. Class A Ordinary Shares2007-05
Equity (US)PICCPivotal Investment Corporation III2021-04
Equity (US)DPZDomino's Pizza Inc.2004-07
Equity (US)FNKOFunko, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)SQNSSequans Communications S.A. American Depositary Shares, each representing four Ordinary Shares2011-04
Equity (US)SQMSociedad Quimica y Minera de Chile SA1993-09
Equity (US)IOACInnovative International Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)IPVAInterPrivate II Acquisition Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)IQiQIYI, Inc. American Depositary Shares2018-03
Equity (US)SQLVRoyce Quant Small-Cap Quality Value ETF2017-07
Equity (US)DPCSUDP Cap Acquisition Corp I Unit2021-11
Equity (US)DPGDuff & Phelps Utility and Infrastructure Fund Inc.2011-08
Equity (US)DPRODraganfly Inc. Common Shares2021-01
Equity (US)CIBBancolombia S.A.1995-07
Equity (US)COURCoursera, Inc.2021-03
Equity (US)GLTGlatfelter Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)GPACGlobal Partner Acquisition Corp II Class A Ordinary Share2021-03
Equity (US)GRCYGreencity Acquisition Corporation Ordinary Shares2020-09
Equity (US)GREEGreenidge Generation Holdings Inc. Class A Common Stock2000-07
Equity (US)GSMFerroglobe PLC Ordinary Shares2009-07
Equity (US)DKDelek US Holdings, Inc.2006-05
Equity (US)ESEESCO Technologies, Inc.1990-10
Equity (US)DQDaqo New Energy Corp. American Depositary Shares (each representing 5 Ordinary Shares)2010-10
Equity (US)DRAYMacondray Capital Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares2021-08
Equity (US)DRAYUMacondray Capital Acquisition Corp. I Unit2021-07
Equity (US)AAOIApplied Optoelectronics, Inc. Common Stock2013-09
Equity (US)ELCEntergy Louisiana, LLC Collateral Trust Mortgage Bonds, 4.875 % Series due September 1, 20662010-10
Equity (US)EGOEldorado Gold Corporation2003-01
Equity (US)AVACAvalon Acquisition Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)AQNAlgonquin Power & Utilities Corp2009-12
Equity (US)CPOPPop Culture Group Co., Ltd Class A Ordinary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)CPRICapri Holdings Limited2011-12
Equity (US)FCRXFirst Eagle Alternative Capital BDC, Inc. 5.00% Notes due 20262021-05
Equity (US)FHNFirst Horizon Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)HTIBPHealthcare Trust, Inc. 7.125% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock2021-10
Equity (US)GTIMGood Times Restaurants Inc. Common Stock1992-07
Equity (US)MNKDMannKind Corporation Common Stock2004-07
Equity (US)MREOMereo BioPharma Group plc American Depositary Shares2019-04
Equity (US)TTCFTattooed Chef, Inc Class A Common Stock2018-09
Equity (US)MRNAModerna, Inc. Common Stock2018-12
Equity (US)MSVBMid-Southern Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)TTTrane Technologies plc1980-03
Equity (US)SQLSeqLL Inc. Common stock2021-08
Equity (US)ACROAcropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp.2021-08
Equity (US)ACRSAclaris Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-10
Equity (US)AEVAAeva Technologies, Inc.2020-02
Equity (US)IXORIX Corporation1998-09
Equity (US)IXAQIX Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-11
Equity (US)AGENAgenus Inc. Common Stock2000-02
Equity (US)BOTZGlobal X Funds Global X Robotics & Artificial Intelligence ETF2016-09
Equity (US)ELEVElevation Oncology, Inc. Common stock2021-06
Equity (US)ELSEquity Lifestyle Properties, Inc.1993-02
Equity (US)HHGCRHHG Capital Corporation Rights2022-11
Equity (US)GTHXG1 Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2017-05
Equity (US)SQFTPPresidio Property Trust, Inc. 9.375% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share2021-06
Equity (US)PHUNPhunware, Inc. Common Stock2016-10
Equity (US)SQFTPresidio Property Trust, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)LGVLongview Acquisition Corp. II2021-05
Equity (US)ALGAlamo Group, Inc.1993-03
Equity (US)IXAQUIX Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)IXHLIncannex Healthcare Limited American Depositary Shares2022-03
Equity (US)IXUSiShares Core MSCI Total International Stock ETF2012-10
Equity (US)IMXIInternational Money Express, Inc. Common Stock2017-03
Equity (US)WTBAWest Bancorporation Common Stock1999-05
Equity (US)GSRMUGSR II Meteora Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-02
Equity (US)ISHGiShares Trust iShares 1-3 Year International Treasury Bond ETF2009-01
Equity (US)LADLithia Motors, Inc.1996-12
Equity (US)AXSMAxsome Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-11
Equity (US)NENoble Corporation2021-06
Equity (US)BAPCredicorp LTD1995-10
Equity (US)JWNNordstrom, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)TSVT2seventy bio, Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)TSRITSR, Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)MTACMedTech Acquisition Corporation Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)RMAXRE/MAX HOLDINGS, INC.2013-10
Equity (US)CLAAColonnade Acquisition Corp. II2021-04
Equity (US)WSRWhitestone REIT2010-08
Equity (US)ENVXEnovix Corporation Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)BRIVUB. Riley Principal 250 Merger Corp. Units2021-05
Equity (US)HBIHanesbrands, Inc.2006-09
Equity (US)GEGeneral Electric Company1979-12
Equity (US)GECCGreat Elm Capital Corp. Common Stock2016-11
Equity (US)GCIGannett Co., Inc.2014-02
Equity (US)BRSPBrightSpire Capital, Inc.2018-02
Equity (US)SMAPUSportsMap Tech Acquisition Corp. Units2021-10
Equity (US)RMREGIONAL MANAGEMENT CORP2012-03
Equity (US)SMAPSportsMap Tech Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)TSQTOWNSQUARE MEDIA, INC.2014-07
Equity (US)PHTPioneer High Income Fund, Inc.2002-04
Equity (US)TSMTaiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd.1997-10
Equity (US)ENZLiShares Trust iShares MSCI New Zealand ETF2010-09
Equity (US)IUSSInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco RAFI Strategic US Small Company ETF2018-10
Equity (US)IUSViShares Core S&P U.S. Value ETF2000-08
Equity (US)IVCPUSwiftmerge Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)IVRInvesco Mortgage Capital Inc.2009-07
Equity (US)NOVTNovanta Inc. Common Stock1999-03
Equity (US)GTESGates Industrial Corporation plc2018-01
Equity (US)AGIAlamos Gold Inc. Class A Common Shares2003-05
Equity (US)BRACUBroad Capital Acquisition Corp Unit2022-01
Equity (US)RKDAArcadia Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2015-05
Equity (US)GSUNGolden Sun Education Group Limited Class A Ordinary Shares2022-06
Equity (US)AATCAutoscope Technologies Corporation Common Stock1995-05
Equity (US)TSLXSixth Street Specialty Lending, Inc.2014-03
Equity (US)FTEKFuel Tech, Inc. Common Stock1993-09
Equity (US)VRARThe Glimpse Group, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)VRAYViewRay, Inc. Common Stock2015-08
Equity (US)AAWWAtlas Air Worldwide Holdings NEW Common Stock2005-11
Equity (US)RILYTB. Riley Financial, Inc. 6.00% Senior Notes Due 20282021-01
Equity (US)GDGeneral Dynamics Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)TSHATaysha Gene Therapies, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)GSITGSI Technology Common Stock2007-03
Equity (US)PHOInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco Water Resources ETF2005-12
Equity (US)KURAKura Oncology, Inc. Common Stock2015-09
Equity (US)BSCOInvesco BulletShares 2024 Corporate Bond ETF2014-09
Equity (US)DVOLFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Dorsey Wright Momentum & Low Volatility ETF2018-10
Equity (US)DVYiShares Select Dividend ETF2003-11
Equity (US)EOCWElliott Opportunity II Corp.2021-08
Equity (US)WSOWatsco, Inc.1984-06
Equity (US)MOHMolina Healthcare, Inc.2003-07
Equity (US)AALAmerican Airlines Group Inc. Common Stock2005-09
Equity (US)ABTXAllegiance Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2015-10
Equity (US)ADNTAdient plc Ordinary Shares2016-10
Equity (US)AEYADDvantage Technologies Group, Inc. Common Stock1996-05
Equity (US)BSJPInvesco BulletShares 2025 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF2017-09
Equity (US)BSJQInvesco BulletShares 2026 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF2018-08
Equity (US)AIQGlobal X Funds Global X Artificial Intelligence & Technology ETF2018-05
Equity (US)FXCORFinancial Strategies Acquisition Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)TSEMTower Semiconductor Ltd. Ordinary Shares1994-10
Equity (US)BSJRInvesco BulletShares 2027 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF2019-09
Equity (US)TSETrinseo PLC2014-06
Equity (US)TSTenaris S. A.2002-12
Equity (US)MDHMDH Acquisition Corp.2021-03
Equity (US)BSLBlackstone Senior Floating Rate Term Fund2010-05
Equity (US)PHICUPopulation Health Investment Co., Inc. Unit2020-11
Equity (US)EVGREvergreen Corporation Class A Ordinary Share2022-04
Equity (US)ADSKAutodesk, Inc. Common Stock1985-06
Equity (US)AFACArena Fortify Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)GGENPACT LIMITED2007-08
Equity (US)NICENICE Ltd American Depositary Shares1996-01
Equity (US)HTGMHTG Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. Common Stock2015-05
Equity (US)GSBCGreat Southern Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1989-12
Equity (US)FEIMFrequency Electronics, Inc. Common Stock1980-06
Equity (US)AACGATA Creativity Global American Depositary Shares2008-01
Equity (US)FATPUFat Projects Acquisition Corp Unit2021-10
Equity (US)AAQCAccelerate Acquisition Corp.2021-05
Equity (US)AADRAdvisorShares Dorsey Wright ADR ETF2010-07
Equity (US)AAICArlington Asset Investment Corp.1997-12
Equity (US)UBXUnity Biotechnology, Inc. Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)VOYAVOYA FINANCIAL, INC.2013-05
Equity (US)LGMKLogicMark, Inc. Common Stock2013-08
Equity (US)ACREAres Commercial Real Estate Corporation2012-04
Equity (US)NICKNicholas Financial, Inc. Common Stock1997-12
Equity (US)HUGEFSD Pharma Inc. Class B Subordinate Voting Shares2018-06
Equity (US)HUYAHUYA Inc.2018-05
Equity (US)HWELHealthwell Acquisition Corp. I Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)HWELUHealthwell Acquisition Corp. I Unit2021-08
Equity (US)PHICPopulation Health Investment Co., Inc. Class A Ordinary Share2021-01
Equity (US)TRVITrevi Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)TRVGtrivago N.V. American Depositary Shares2016-12
Equity (US)PFFiShares Trust iShares Preferred and Income Securities ETF2007-03
Equity (US)PEBPebblebrook Hotel Trust2009-12
Equity (US)LGILazard Global Total Return & Income Fund2004-04
Equity (US)RILYMB. Riley Financial, Inc. 6.375% Senior Notes due 20252020-02
Equity (US)ADXAdams Diversified Equity Fund, Inc1980-03
Equity (US)TRVThe Travelers Companies, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)AEFCAegon Funding Company LLC 5.10% Subordinated Notes due 20492019-10
Equity (US)AEHAAesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)CBRGChain Bridge I Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)TRUPTrupanion, Inc. Common Stock2014-07
Equity (US)ALGSAligos Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)APMAptorum Group Limited Class A Ordinary Shares2018-12
Equity (US)APPFAppFolio, Inc. Class A Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)APPHAppHarvest, Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)APRNBlue Apron Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)ARLPAlliance Resource Partners, L.P. Common Units representing Limited Partners Interests1999-08
Equity (US)ASAISendas Distribuidora S.A. American Depositary Share (each representing five common shares)2021-03
Equity (US)ASANAsana, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)ASAQAtlantic Avenue Acquisition Corp2020-10
Equity (US)ONYXOnyx Acquisition Co. I Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)OPENOpendoor Technologies Inc Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)ACXPAcurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)ADAGAdagene Inc. American Depositary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)ADALAnthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)PCTPureCycle Technologies, Inc. Common stock2020-07
Equity (US)KUKEKuke Music Holding Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing one Ordinary Share2021-01
Equity (US)EXELExelixis, Inc. Common Stock2000-04
Equity (US)AVPTAvePoint, Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)BOHBank of Hawaii Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)LOKMLive Oak Mobility Acquisition Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)AEISAdvanced Energy Industries, Inc. Common Stock1995-11
Equity (US)BBGIBeasley Broadcast Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock2000-02
Equity (US)BLIBerkeley Lights, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)BLWBlackrock Limited Duration Income Trust2003-07
Equity (US)BNDWVanguard Scottsdale Funds Vanguard Total World Bond ETF2018-09
Equity (US)BNLBroadstone Net Lease, Inc.2020-09
Equity (US)HYLNHyliion Holdings Corp.2020-01
Equity (US)HYLSFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF2013-02
Equity (US)AFAQUAF Acquisition Corp. Units2021-03
Equity (US)KTHStructured Products CorTS PECO Energy Cap Trust III, 8% Cert.2001-02
Equity (US)RHPRyman Hospitality Properties, Inc1991-10
Equity (US)RHIRobert Half International Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)AYTUAytu BioPharma, Inc. Common Stock2008-09
Equity (US)BPMCBlueprint Medicines Corporation Common Stock2015-04
Equity (US)BPOPPopular, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)BPOPMPopular, Inc. Popular Capital Trust II - 6.125% Cumulative Monthly Income Trust Preferred Securities2008-11
Equity (US)BPRNThe Bank of Princeton Common Stock2017-05
Equity (US)JLLJones Lang LaSalle, Inc.1997-07
Equity (US)BRACBroad Capital Acquisition Corp Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)BRAGBragg Gaming Group Inc. Common Shares2018-03
Equity (US)HYREHyreCar Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)PSTLPostal Realty Trust, Inc2019-05
Equity (US)HYTBLACKROCK CORPORATE HIGH YIELD FUND INC.2003-05
Equity (US)BPTBP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust1989-05
Equity (US)JMMNUVEEN MULTI-MARKET INCOME FUND, INC1988-12
Equity (US)BPTHBio-Path Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2008-03
Equity (US)BPYPMBrookfield Property Partners L.P. 6.25% Class A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units, Series 12021-07
Equity (US)BPYPNBrookfield Property Partners L.P. 5.750% Class A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units, Series 32020-02
Equity (US)BFRIBiofrontera Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)OSBCOld Second Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)OSGOverseas Shipholding Group Inc.2016-06
Equity (US)OSHOak Street Health, Inc.2020-08
Equity (US)ACHLAchilles Therapeutics plc American Depositary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)LGHLLion Group Holding Ltd. American Depositary Share2019-06
Equity (US)SLVRUSilverSPAC Inc. Unit2021-09
Equity (US)PCRXPacira BioSciences, Inc. Common Stock2011-02
Equity (US)JILLJ.Jill, Inc. Common Stock2017-03
Equity (US)IBOCInternational Bancshares Corporation Common Stock1995-08
Equity (US)JOBYJoby Aviation, Inc.2020-11
Equity (US)JOETVirtus ETF Trust II Virtus Terranova U.S. Quality Momentum ETF2020-11
Equity (US)IBPINSTALLED BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC.2014-02
Equity (US)IBTDiShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2023 Term Treasury ETF2020-03
Equity (US)IBTXIndependent Bank Group, Inc Common Stock2013-04
Equity (US)ICCCImmuCell Corporation Common Stock1987-05
Equity (US)ICMBInvestcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)OVLYOak Valley Bancorp (CA) Common Stock2003-10
Equity (US)IDBAIDEX Biometrics ASA American Depositary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)IDLBInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco FTSE International Low Beta Equal Weight ETF2015-11
Equity (US)IHITInvesco High Income 2023 Target Term Fund Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, No par value per sha2016-11
Equity (US)MGAMagna International1984-10
Equity (US)TRUETrueCar, Inc. Common Stock2014-05
Equity (US)INNSummit Hotel Properties, Inc.2011-02
Equity (US)JOFJAPAN SMALLER CAPITALIZATION FUND1990-03
Equity (US)JRSNuveen Real Estate Income Fund2001-11
Equity (US)INSGInseego Corp. Common Stock2000-11
Equity (US)INTWorld Fuel Services Corporation1986-08
Equity (US)OXACOxbridge Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-10
Equity (US)OXACUOxbridge Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-08
Equity (US)OXBROxbridge Re Holdings Limited Ordinary Shares2014-03
Equity (US)INVAInnoviva, Inc. Common Stock2004-10
Equity (US)MBACM3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)ALORUALSP Orchid Acquisition Corporation I Unit2021-11
Equity (US)ASCBRA SPAC II Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)ME23andMe Holding Co. Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)BCANBYND Cannasoft Enterprises Inc. Common Stock2022-05
Equity (US)MECMayville Engineering Company, Inc.2019-05
Equity (US)BFINBankFinancial Corporation Common Stock2005-06
Equity (US)MEDSTRxADE HEALTH, Inc. Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)MEIMethode Electronics1982-10
Equity (US)MEKAMELI Kaszek Pioneer Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2021-09
Equity (US)OXLCOxford Lane Capital Corp. Common Stock2011-01
Equity (US)OXLCMOxford Lane Capital Corp. 6.75% Series 2024 Term Preferred Stock2017-06
Equity (US)PANAPanacea Acquisition Corp. II Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)PANLPangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Common Shares2013-12
Equity (US)LGACLazard Growth Acquisition Corp. I Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)JHXJAMES HARDIE INDUSTRIES plc.2001-10
Equity (US)IMAQInternational Media Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)NMRKNewmark Group, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-12
Equity (US)BSDEInvesco BulletShares 2024 USD Emerging Markets Debt ETF2018-10
Equity (US)INVZInnoviz Technologies Ltd. Ordinary shares2020-06
Equity (US)IOACUInnovative International Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-10
Equity (US)IOBTIO Biotech, Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)JRVRJames River Group Holdings, Ltd. Common Shares2014-12
Equity (US)IONMAssure Holdings Corp. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)JSMDJanus Detroit Street Trust Janus Henderson Small/Mid Cap Growth Alpha ETF2016-02
Equity (US)IONQIonQ, Inc.2021-01
Equity (US)IQIINVESCO QUALITY MUNICIPAL SECURITIES1992-09
Equity (US)PAQCUProvident Acquisition Corp. Units2021-01
Equity (US)PRVBProvention Bio, Inc. Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)IQMDIntelligent Medicine Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)ARNCArconic Corporation2020-04
Equity (US)IQMDUIntelligent Medicine Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)BPYPOBrookfield Property Partners L.P. 6.375% Class A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units, Series 22019-08
Equity (US)BPYPPBrookfield Property Partners L.P. 6.50% Class A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units2019-03
Equity (US)BRIDBridgford Foods Corporation Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)BRIVB. Riley Principal 250 Merger Corp. Class A common stock2021-07
Equity (US)BRKHBurTech Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)BRLIBrilliant Acquisition Corporation Ordinary Shares2020-07
Equity (US)BRLIUBrilliant Acquisition Corporation Unit2020-06
Equity (US)BRMKBroadmark Realty Capital Inc. Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)JSPRJasper Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-01
Equity (US)JTJianpu Technology Inc. American Depositary Shares, each representing twenty Class A Ordinary Shares2017-11
Equity (US)IRIXIRIDEX Corporation Common Stock1996-02
Equity (US)IRLNEW IRELAND FUND INC1990-03
Equity (US)IRMIron Mountain Inc.1996-02
Equity (US)IRNTIronNet, Inc.2020-03
Equity (US)IROQIF Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2011-07
Equity (US)IRRXIntegrated Rail and Resources Acquisition Corp.2022-01
Equity (US)IVDAIveda Solutions, Inc. Common Stock2009-10
Equity (US)IVEGiShares Trust iShares Emergent Food and AgTech Multisector ETF2022-04
Equity (US)IVHDelaware Ivy High Income Opportunities Fund2013-05
Equity (US)BROSDutch Bros Inc.2021-09
Equity (US)BRZEBraze, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)OMIOwens & Minor, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)OMQSOMNIQ Corp. Common Stock2011-03
Equity (US)ORGSOrgenesis Inc. Common Stock2012-03
Equity (US)KACLRKairous Acquisition Corp. Limited Rights2022-11
Equity (US)SPXXNUVEEN S&P 500 DYNAMIC OVERWRITE FUND2005-11
Equity (US)NUBIUNubia Brand International Corp. Unit2022-03
Equity (US)PCGPG&E Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)DGNUDragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp. III Class A Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)VOXXVOXX International Corporation Class A Common Stock1992-03
Equity (US)RGTIRigetti Computing, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)TRUTransUnion2015-06
Equity (US)TRTXTPG RE Finance Trust, Inc. Common Stock2017-07
Equity (US)PCORProcore Technologies, Inc.2021-05
Equity (US)AMCXAMC Networks Inc. Class A Common Stock2011-06
Equity (US)ATRCAtriCure, Inc. Common Stock2005-08
Equity (US)BATRALiberty Media Corporation Series A Liberty Braves Common Stock2016-04
Equity (US)BBBlackBerry Limited1999-02
Equity (US)NBRVNabriva Therapeutics plc Ordinary Shares Ireland2015-09
Equity (US)BWACUBetter World Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-11
Equity (US)PCKPIMCO CALIFORNIA MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND II COMMON SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INT.2002-06
Equity (US)PCGUPG&E Corporation2020-06
Equity (US)EMREmerson Electric Co.1979-12
Equity (US)FAFFirst American Financial Corporation2010-05
Equity (US)FANHFanhua Inc. American Depositary Shares2007-11
Equity (US)ADREInvesco BLDRS Emerging Markets 50 ADR Index Fund2002-11
Equity (US)DGREWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Emerging Markets Quality Dividend Growth Fund2013-08
Equity (US)JOFFUJOFF Fintech Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)FBHSFORTUNE BRANDS HOME & SECURITY, INC.2011-09
Equity (US)WSMWilliams-Sonoma, Inc.1983-07
Equity (US)TRSTTrustCo Bank Corp NY Common Stock1983-04
Equity (US)TRKATroika Media Group, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)PCPCPeriphas Capital Partnering Corporation2021-02
Equity (US)PCQPimco California Municipal Income Fund2001-06
Equity (US)CHUYChuy's Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2012-07
Equity (US)CHWCalamos Global Dynamic Income Fund Common Stock2007-07
Equity (US)GOOSCanada Goose Holdings Inc.2017-03
Equity (US)GOOGLAlphabet Inc. Class A Common Stock2004-08
Equity (US)KSPNKaspien Holdings Inc. Common Stock1986-07
Equity (US)DGRSWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Quality Dividend Growth Fund2013-07
Equity (US)DGRWWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund2013-05
Equity (US)DHCDiversified Healthcare Trust Common Shares of Beneficial Interest2000-02
Equity (US)BCPCBalchem Corporation Common Stock1986-06
Equity (US)BCRXBioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock1994-03
Equity (US)BDCBelden Inc.1993-11
Equity (US)BEATHeartbeam, Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)BECNBeacon Roofing Supply, Inc. Common Stock2004-09
Equity (US)BHILBenson Hill, Inc.2021-02
Equity (US)BHVBlackRock Virginia Muni Bond Trust2002-04
Equity (US)BHVNBiohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company Ltd.2022-11
Equity (US)PCYGPark City Group, Inc. Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)BLCMBellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2014-12
Equity (US)FTVIFinTech Acquisition Corp. VI Class A Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)AOMRAngel Oak Mortgage, Inc.2021-06
Equity (US)ATIFATIF Holdings Limited Ordinary Shares2019-05
Equity (US)NCMINational CineMedia, Inc. Common Stock2007-02
Equity (US)NCNANuCana plc American Depositary Share2017-09
Equity (US)NCNOnCino, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)ADTNADTRAN, Inc. Common Stock1994-08
Equity (US)LFMDLifeMD, Inc. Common Stock2008-01
Equity (US)ATIPATI Physical Therapy, Inc.2020-10
Equity (US)FTVIUFinTech Acquisition Corp. VI Units2021-06
Equity (US)BWCAUBlue Whale Acquisition Corp I Unit2021-08
Equity (US)FTXGFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Nasdaq Food & Beverage ETF2016-10
Equity (US)MVFBlackRock MuniVest Fund, Inc1988-09
Equity (US)PDPagerDuty, Inc.2019-04
Equity (US)PDCOPatterson Companies, Inc. Common Stock1992-10
Equity (US)FUVArcimoto, Inc. Common Stock2017-09
Equity (US)GOGrocery Outlet Holding Corp. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)GNTYGuaranty Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock2017-05
Equity (US)ADTXAditxt, Inc. Common Stock2020-06
Equity (US)AONAon plc Class A1980-06
Equity (US)SLVRSilverSPAC Inc. Class A Ordinary Share2021-11
Equity (US)GMGIGolden Matrix Group, Inc. Common Stock2009-10
Equity (US)CLDTCHATHAM LODGING TRUST2010-04
Equity (US)SLQDiShares 0-5 Year Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF2013-10
Equity (US)SLPSimulations Plus, Inc. Common Stock1997-06
Equity (US)SLNOSoleno Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)AGRXAgile Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-05
Equity (US)AGSPlayAGS, Inc.2018-01
Equity (US)ARCKUArbor Rapha Capital Bioholdings Corp. I Units2021-10
Equity (US)BCEBCE, Inc.1982-11
Equity (US)PDLBPonce Financial Group, Inc. Common Stock2017-10
Equity (US)PDPInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco DWA Momentum ETF2007-03
Equity (US)CCSIConsensus Cloud Solutions, Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)CDROCodere Online Luxembourg, S.A. Ordinary Shares2021-01
Equity (US)CDWCDW Corporation Common Stock2013-06
Equity (US)CECelanese Corporation Common Stock2005-01
Equity (US)CEAChina Eastern Airlines1997-02
Equity (US)CGNXCognex Corporation Common Stock1989-07
Equity (US)TRINTrinity Capital Inc. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)AGTCApplied Genetic Technologies Corporation Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)AGZDWisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund2013-12
Equity (US)AHCOAdaptHealth Corp. Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)VONEVanguard Scottsdale Funds Vanguard Russell 1000 ETF2010-09
Equity (US)TRIBTrinity Biotech plc American Depositary Shares1992-10
Equity (US)PEGRProject Energy Reimagined Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-12
Equity (US)FDSFactset Research Systems1996-06
Equity (US)JNPRJuniper Networks Inc1999-06
Equity (US)AEACUAuthentic Equity Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)AFGBAmerican Financial Group, Inc. 5.875% Subordinated Debentures due 20592020-04
Equity (US)CILVictoryShares International Volatility Wtd ETF2015-08
Equity (US)ARCBArcBest Corporation Common Stock1992-05
Equity (US)CINCCinCor Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)VNCEVINCE HOLDING CORP.2013-11
Equity (US)FIFFIRST TRUST ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE FUND2011-09
Equity (US)LWLamb Weston Holdings, Inc.2016-11
Equity (US)LYLTLoyalty Ventures Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)TREXTrex Company, Inc.1999-04
Equity (US)MAAMid-America Apartment Communities, Inc.1994-01
Equity (US)NOVNNovan, Inc. Common Stock2016-09
Equity (US)NPCENeuropace, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)MAAQMana Capital Acquisition Corp. Common stock2022-01
Equity (US)MAAQRMana Capital Acquisition Corp. Rights2022-10
Equity (US)JSMNavient Corporation 6% Senior Notes due December 15, 20432003-12
Equity (US)AFGCAmerican Financial Group, Inc. 5.125% Subordinated Debentures due 20592020-01
Equity (US)AFIBAcutus Medical, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)ACNAccenture PLC2001-07
Equity (US)ALCCAltC Acquisition Corp.2021-07
Equity (US)BGTBlackRock Floating Rate Income Trust2004-08
Equity (US)TRAQTrine II Acquisition Corp.2021-12
Equity (US)TRTootsie Roll Industries, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)AESAES Corporation1991-06
Equity (US)AVAAvista Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)AVACUAvalon Acquisition Inc. Units2021-10
Equity (US)AVGOPBroadcom Inc. 8.00% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A2019-09
Equity (US)KMXCarMax Inc.1997-02
Equity (US)IIINInsteel Industries, Inc.1992-03
Equity (US)NPFDNuveen Variable Rate Preferred & Income Fund2021-12
Equity (US)RFMZRiverNorth Flexible Municipal Income Fund II, Inc.2021-02
Equity (US)NPKNational Presto Industries, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)NPVNuveen Virginia Quality Municipal Income Fund1993-03
Equity (US)CORZCore Scientific, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)DISThe Walt Disney Company1979-12
Equity (US)DMTKDermTech, Inc. Common Stock2017-08
Equity (US)COVACOVA Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-03
Equity (US)CPGCRESCENT POINT ENERGY CORP.2003-10
Equity (US)JWSMJaws Mustang Acquisition Corp.2021-03
Equity (US)KIDSOrthoPediatrics Corp. Common Stock2017-10
Equity (US)KIIIUKismet Acquisition Three Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)KNTKKinetik Holdings Inc. Class A Common Stock2018-11
Equity (US)ADPTAdaptive Biotechnologies Corporation Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)PFSProvident Financial Services, Inc.2003-01
Equity (US)PFSIPennyMac Financial Services, Inc. Common Stock2013-05
Equity (US)PFSWPFSweb, Inc. Common Stock1999-12
Equity (US)TQQQProShares UltraPro QQQ2010-02
Equity (US)AGLagilon health, inc.2021-04
Equity (US)ASPAUAbri SPAC I, Inc. Unit2021-08
Equity (US)FORMFormFactor, Inc. FormFactor, Inc. Common Stock2003-06
Equity (US)VMWVMware, Inc2007-08
Equity (US)AERCAeroClean Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)FORRForrester Research, Inc. Common Stock1996-11
Equity (US)ASGNASGN Incorporated1992-09
Equity (US)FORTYFormula Systems (1985) Ltd. American Depositary Shares1997-10
Equity (US)TPZTortoise Power and Energy Infrastructure Fund, Inc.2009-07
Equity (US)HALOHalozyme Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2004-03
Equity (US)SPXCSPX Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)ALBOAlbireo Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)GOODGladstone Commercial Corporation Real Estate Investment Trust2003-08
Equity (US)LELands' End, Inc. Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)GOSSGossamer Bio, Inc. Common Stock2019-02
Equity (US)ASRGrupo Aeroportuario del Sureste, S.A. de C.V. American Depositary Shares2000-09
Equity (US)BENFranklin Resources, Inc.1983-09
Equity (US)CHDChurch & Dwight Co., Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)COWNLCowen Inc. 7.75% Senior Notes due 20332018-06
Equity (US)AHRNAhren Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)NSNuStar Energy L.P.2001-04
Equity (US)NSCNorfolk Southern Corp.1982-06
Equity (US)FIVRStrategy Shares Strategy Shares Nasdaq 5HANDL Index ETF2021-12
Equity (US)DNADSocial Capital Suvretta Holdings Corp. IV Class A Ordinary Shares2021-06
Equity (US)KRCKilroy Realty Corp.1997-01
Equity (US)LEGLeggett & Platt, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)LEVILevi Strauss & Co. Class A Common Stock2019-03
Equity (US)TPVGTRIPLEPOINT VENTURE GROWTH BDC CORP.2014-03
Equity (US)AHIAdvanced Human Imaging Limited. American Depositary Shares2021-11
Equity (US)GOTUGaotu Techedu Inc. American Depositary Shares, three of which representing two Class A Ordinary Shar2019-06
Equity (US)GOVXGeoVax Labs, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)MCAFUMountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV Unit2021-06
Equity (US)KPTIKaryopharm Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2013-11
Equity (US)SLNHPSoluna Holdings, Inc 9.0% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock2021-08
Equity (US)KRBPKiromic BioPharma, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)KREFKKR Real Estate Finance Trust Inc.2017-05
Equity (US)NSTSNSTS Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)KROKronos Worldwide, Inc.2003-12
Equity (US)NTBThe Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son Limited2016-09
Equity (US)LFGArchaea Energy Inc.2020-12
Equity (US)DRIDarden Restaurants, Inc.1995-05
Equity (US)DRIODarioHealth Corp. Common Stock2016-03
Equity (US)DRIVGlobal X Funds Global X Autonomous & Electric Vehicles ETF2018-04
Equity (US)CPCanadian Pacific Railway1983-12
Equity (US)CPACopa Holdings, S.A.2005-12
Equity (US)ATXSAstria Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)PBPBPotbelly Corporation Common Stock2013-10
Equity (US)AYXAlteryx, Inc.2017-03
Equity (US)IIIIUINSU Acquisition Corp. III Unit2020-12
Equity (US)BIOBio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.Class A1980-02
Equity (US)KALKalera Public Limited Company Ordinary Shares2021-09
Equity (US)NNINelnet, Inc. Class A2003-12
Equity (US)SPWHSportsman's Warehouse Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2014-04
Equity (US)ESQEsquire Financial Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)FLCFlaherty & Crumrine Total Return Fund Incorporated2003-08
Equity (US)AHTAshford Hospitality Trust, Inc.2003-08
Equity (US)SLNHSoluna Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1999-06
Equity (US)ESOAEnergy Services of America Corporation Common Stock2006-10
Equity (US)AESEAllied Esports Entertainment, Inc. Common Stock2017-10
Equity (US)AGBAUAGBA Acquisition Limited Unit2019-05
Equity (US)CMAXCareMax, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)PBAPEMBINA PIPELINE CORPORATION2010-10
Equity (US)ACAssociated Capital Group, Inc.2015-11
Equity (US)LEXXLexaria Bioscience Corp. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)PONOUPono Capital Corp Unit2021-08
Equity (US)PINGPing Identity Holding Corp.2019-09
Equity (US)PKIPerkinElmer, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)POOLPool Corporation Common Stock1995-10
Equity (US)AFMDAffimed N.V.2014-09
Equity (US)AMALAmalgamated Financial Corp. Common Stock (DE)2018-08
Equity (US)AFCGAFC Gamma, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)AMAMAmbrx Biopharma Inc. American Depositary Shares (each representing seven Ordinary Shares)2021-06
Equity (US)AMGAffiliated Managers Group1997-11
Equity (US)CPAAConyers Park III Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)ELTKEltek Ltd. Ordinary Shares1997-01
Equity (US)KLTRKaltura, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)KMBKimberly-Clark Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)KNSAKiniksa Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. Class A Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)MSCIMSCI, Inc.2007-11
Equity (US)VBTXVeritex Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2014-10
Equity (US)MFLXFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VIII First Trust Flexible Municipal High Income ETF2016-09
Equity (US)KROPGlobal X Funds Global X AgTech & Food Innovation ETF2021-07
Equity (US)LILALiberty Latin America Ltd. Class A Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)GMBLEsports Entertainment Group Inc. Common Stock2017-07
Equity (US)EQHAEQ Health Acquisition Corp.2021-03
Equity (US)BARKBARK, Inc.2020-12
Equity (US)PATHUiPath, Inc.2021-04
Equity (US)FSLRFirst Solar, Inc. Common Stock2006-11
Equity (US)OOMAOoma, Inc. Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)CMBMCambium Networks Corporation Ordinary Shares2019-06
Equity (US)LILAKLiberty Latin America Ltd. Class C Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)CMCACapitalworks Emerging Markets Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)EFTEaton Vance Floating-Rate Income Trust2004-07
Equity (US)TPHTri Pointe Homes, Inc.2013-01
Equity (US)KRNLKernel Group Holdings, Inc. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)NGGNational Grid PLC2005-08
Equity (US)TPGYTPG Pace Beneficial Finance Corp.2020-11
Equity (US)CNCRETF Series Solutions Trust Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF2015-10
Equity (US)TPGTPG Inc. Class A Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)CDMOAvid Bioservices, Inc. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)TPCTutor Perini Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)TOWNTowneBank Common Stock1999-05
Equity (US)ALTUAltitude Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)ALTUUAltitude Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-12
Equity (US)ALTYGlobal X Funds Global X Alternative Income ETF2015-07
Equity (US)AMAntero Midstream Corporation Common Stock2017-05
Equity (US)ASPAABRI SPAC I, INC. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)LEVThe Lion Electric Company2020-10
Equity (US)BAMIBrookfield Finance I (UK) plc 4.50% Perpetual Subordinated Notes2020-11
Equity (US)KRNLUKernel Group Holdings, Inc. Units2021-02
Equity (US)MVSTMicrovast Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2019-03
Equity (US)MWAMueller Water Products, Inc.2006-05
Equity (US)MXMagnachip Semiconductor Corp.2011-03
Equity (US)MXCTMaxCyte, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)MXFMEXICO FUND1981-06
Equity (US)GAPAG&P Acquisition Corp.2021-05
Equity (US)FXLVF45 Training Holdings Inc.2021-07
Equity (US)FXNCFirst National Corporation Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)GLTOGalecto, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)GABThe Gabelli Equity Trust Inc.1986-08
Equity (US)OVIDOvid Therapeutics Inc. Common Stock2017-05
Equity (US)GABCGerman American Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1993-05
Equity (US)GACQGlobal Consumer Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)AFYAAfya Limited Class A Common Shares2019-07
Equity (US)AGACAfrican Gold Acquisition Corporation2021-03
Equity (US)GACQUGlobal Consumer Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-06
Equity (US)ATAKRAurora Technology Acquisition Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)JGGCRJaguar Global Growth Corporation I Right2022-11
Equity (US)TOURTuniu Corporation American Depositary Shares2014-05
Equity (US)KSCPKnightscope, Inc. Class A Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)TOACUTalon 1 Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)MYFWFirst Western Financial, Inc. Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)MYIBLACKROCK MUNIYIELD QUALITY FUND III, INC.1992-04
Equity (US)MYMDMyMD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2014-01
Equity (US)MYNAMynaric AG American Depository Shares2021-11
Equity (US)EVTVEnvirotech Vehicles, Inc. Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)MYNZMainz Biomed B.V. Ordinary Shares2021-11
Equity (US)TNYATenaya Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)AMKRAmkor Technology, Inc. Common Stock1998-05
Equity (US)CPARUCatalyst Partners Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-05
Equity (US)CPBCampbell Soup Company1979-12
Equity (US)CPECallon Petroleum Company1990-03
Equity (US)CPRTCopart, Inc. (DE) Common Stock1994-03
Equity (US)GEEXUGames & Esports Experience Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)GEOSGeospace Technologies Corporation Common Stock (Texas)1997-11
Equity (US)EGBNEagle Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1999-07
Equity (US)EGFBlackrock Enhanced Government Fund, Inc.2005-10
Equity (US)KTOSKratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. Common Stock1999-11
Equity (US)KTRAKintara Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2013-02
Equity (US)KTTAPasithea Therapeutics Corp. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)KYCHUKeyarch Acquisition Corporation Unit2022-01
Equity (US)GSQDG Squared Ascend I Inc.2021-03
Equity (US)NEPHNephros, Inc. Common Stock2004-09
Equity (US)PRDOPerdoceo Education Corporation Common Stock1998-01
Equity (US)GATOGatos Silver, Inc.2020-10
Equity (US)PBFPBF ENERGY INC.2012-12
Equity (US)AIRSAirSculpt Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)JGGCJaguar Global Growth Corporation I Class A Ordinary Shares2022-04
Equity (US)COOLUCorner Growth Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-12
Equity (US)GLOPGASLOG PARTNERS LP2014-05
Equity (US)KYMRKymera Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)KYNKayne Anderson Energy Infrastructure Fund, Inc.2004-09
Equity (US)LBAILakeland Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1999-01
Equity (US)SLNGStabilis Solutions, Inc. Common Stock2007-05
Equity (US)LDHALDH Growth Corp I Class A Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)LDHAULDH Growth Corp I Units2021-03
Equity (US)LFSTLifeStance Health Group, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)PRDSPardes Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)LGNDLigand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Common Stock1992-11
Equity (US)LGVNLongeveron Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)LHCLeo Holdings Corp. II2021-03
Equity (US)ACETAdicet Bio, Inc. Common Stock2018-01
Equity (US)ATLCLAtlanticus Holdings Corporation 6.125% Senior Notes due 20262021-11
Equity (US)GFGDThe Growth for Good Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)BIOCBiocept, Inc. Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)LHCGLHC Group Common Stock2005-06
Equity (US)LHDXLucira Health, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)LHXL3Harris Technologies, Inc.1981-12
Equity (US)LIANLianBio American Depositary Shares2021-11
Equity (US)NTCTNetScout Systems, Inc. Common Stock1999-08
Equity (US)LIBYLiberty Resources Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)LILMLilium N.V. Class A Ordinary Shares2020-11
Equity (US)MGUMacquarie Global Infrastructure Total Return Fund, Inc.2005-08
Equity (US)AFACUArena Fortify Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)AFAQAF Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)AFARUAura FAT Projects Acquisition Corp Unit2022-04
Equity (US)AFBAlliance National Municipal Income Fund, Inc.2002-01
Equity (US)NOCNorthrop Grumman Corp.1981-12
Equity (US)NOVVUNova Vision Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-08
Equity (US)NRDSNerdWallet, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)NSPRInspireMD Inc. Common Stock2011-04
Equity (US)NSTGNanoString Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2013-06
Equity (US)NSYSNortech Systems Incorporated Common Stock1993-06
Equity (US)IBRXImmunityBio, Inc. Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)IBTBiShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2022 Term Treasury ETF2020-03
Equity (US)LEGRFirst Trust Indxx Innovative Transaction & Process ETF2018-01
Equity (US)BTZBlackRock Credit Allocation Income Trust2006-12
Equity (US)ELPCompanhia Paranaense de Energia American Depositary Shares (each representing one Unit consisting o1998-06
Equity (US)AGNCOAGNC Investment Corp. Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.50% Series E Fixed-to-Floating Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2019-09
Equity (US)FKUFirst Trust United Kingdom AlphaDex Fund2012-02
Equity (US)FMYFIRST TRUST MORTGAGE INCOME FUND2005-05
Equity (US)FRGIFiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. Common Stock2012-04
Equity (US)FRGTFreight Technologies, Inc. Ordinary Shares2017-08
Equity (US)GLLIUGlobalink Investment Inc. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)KVSAKhosla Ventures Acquisition Co. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)KVSCKhosla Ventures Acquisition Co. III Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)NTRNutrien Ltd. Common Shares2018-01
Equity (US)NUSNuSkin Enterprises, Inc.1996-11
Equity (US)NXGNNextGen Healthcare, Inc. Common Stock1982-12
Equity (US)IBTIiShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2028 Term Treasury ETF2020-02
Equity (US)ICDIndependence Contract Drilling, Inc.2014-08
Equity (US)PRFZInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco FTSE RAFI US 1500 Small-Mid ETF2006-09
Equity (US)LEGNLegend Biotech Corporation American Depositary Shares2020-06
Equity (US)LDOSLeidos Holdings, Inc.2006-10
Equity (US)ICNCIconic Sports Acquisition Corp.2021-12
Equity (US)AORTArtivion, Inc.1993-02
Equity (US)MTLMechel PAO American Depository Shares, each representing two ordinary shares (ADSs)2004-10
Equity (US)TNXPTonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. Common Stock2012-05
Equity (US)CBRECBRE GROUP, INC.2004-06
Equity (US)AQSTAquestive Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)BTTXBetter Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)BTWNBridgetown Holdings Limited Class A Ordinary Shares2020-12
Equity (US)FRHCFreedom Holding Corp. Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)BZUNBaozun Inc. American Depositary Shares2015-05
Equity (US)DTOCDigital Transformation Opportunities Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)TNLTravel + Leisure Co.2006-07
Equity (US)GHMGraham Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)PRGPROG Holdings, Inc.1982-11
Equity (US)AVAVAeroVironment, Inc. Common Stock2007-01
Equity (US)PRGOPERRIGO COMPANY PLC1991-12
Equity (US)PRLHPearl Holdings Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)PRLHUPearl Holdings Acquisition Corp Unit2021-12
Equity (US)PRMWPrimo Water Corporation1992-06
Equity (US)AHGAkso Health Group ADS2017-11
Equity (US)ICPTIntercept Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2012-10
Equity (US)ALLRAllarity Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)PKOHPark-Ohio Holdings Corp. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)ICUIICU Medical, Inc. Common Stock1992-03
Equity (US)PLBCPlumas Bancorp2002-12
Equity (US)PLCEChildren's Place, Inc. (The) Common Stock1997-09
Equity (US)DTSSDatasea Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)WEYSWeyco Group, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)PMNProMIS Neurosciences Inc. Common Shares2007-01
Equity (US)PNFPIMCO NEW YORK MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND COMMON SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST2001-06
Equity (US)PNFPPinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. Common Stock2000-08
Equity (US)PRN@USInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco DWA Industrials Momentum ETF2006-10
Equity (US)BTXBrooklyn ImmunoTherapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)BZKANZHUN LIMITED American Depository Shares2021-06
Equity (US)AHPAUAvista Public Acquisition Corp. II Unit2021-08
Equity (US)LBRTLiberty Energy Inc.2018-01
Equity (US)LIZILIZHI INC. American Depositary Shares2020-01
Equity (US)GHLDGuild Holdings Company2020-10
Equity (US)KXINKaixin Auto Holdings Ordinary Shares2017-11
Equity (US)KYCHKeyarch Acquisition Corporation Ordinary Shares2022-03
Equity (US)KYCHRKeyarch Acquisition Corporation Rights2022-11
Equity (US)KZIAKazia Therapeutics Limited American Depositary Shares1999-01
Equity (US)DTSTData Storage Corporation Common Stock2012-03
Equity (US)GELGenesis Energy, L.P.1996-11
Equity (US)DWAWAdvisorShares Trust AdvisorShares Dorsey Wright FSM All Cap World ETF2019-12
Equity (US)ARMKARAMARK2013-12
Equity (US)CPSCooper-Standard Automotive Inc.2010-05
Equity (US)CPSHCPS Technologies Corp. Common Stock1994-04
Equity (US)DWEQAdvisorShares Trust AdvisorShares Dorsey Wright Alpha Equal Weight ETF2019-12
Equity (US)AHPIAllied Healthcare Products, Inc. Common Stock1992-01
Equity (US)WRBYWarby Parker Inc.2021-09
Equity (US)ACHVAchieve Life Sciences, Inc. Common Shares1995-10
Equity (US)LJAQLightJump Acquisition Corporation Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)KZRKezar Life Sciences, Inc. Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)LKCOLuokung Technology Corp Ordinary Shares2019-01
Equity (US)LLAPTerran Orbital Corporation2021-04
Equity (US)LMBLimbach Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2014-08
Equity (US)LMNLLiminal BioSciences Inc. Common Shares2009-12
Equity (US)LMNRLimoneira Co Common Stock2003-10
Equity (US)LNDCLandec Corporation Common Stock (DE)1996-02
Equity (US)PROPros Holdings, Inc.2007-07
Equity (US)LPLLG Display Co. Ltd.2004-07
Equity (US)LPSNLivePerson, Inc. Common Stock2000-04
Equity (US)LSILife Storage, Inc.1995-06
Equity (US)CSIQCanadian Solar Inc. Common Shares (BC)2006-11
Equity (US)ADMArcher Daniels Midland Company1980-03
Equity (US)ALEALLETE, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)ARDCARES DYNAMIC CREDIT ALLOCATION FUND, INC.2012-11
Equity (US)GGRGogoro Inc. Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)EAREargo, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)EARNELLINGTON RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE REIT2013-05
Equity (US)BWBBPBridgewater Bancshares, Inc. Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/100th Interest in a Share of 5.875% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A2021-08
Equity (US)EBMTEagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. Common Stock2000-04
Equity (US)WRBW.R. Berkley Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)BXMXNUVEEN S&P BUY-WRITE INCOME FUND2004-10
Equity (US)LSPDLightspeed Commerce Inc.2020-09
Equity (US)WRAPWrap Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)LULUlululemon athletica inc. Common Stock2007-07
Equity (US)LVHDFranklin U.S. Low Volatility High Dividend Index ETF2015-12
Equity (US)NXJNuveen New Jersey Quality Municipal Income Fund2002-09
Equity (US)NXNNUVEEN NY SEL TAX-FREE INC1992-06
Equity (US)PRPLPurple Innovation, Inc. Common Stock2015-10
Equity (US)PRPOPrecipio, Inc.  Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)PRQRProQR Therapeutics N.V. Ordinary Shares2014-09
Equity (US)NXRTNexPoint Residential Trust Inc2015-03
Equity (US)NYCNew York City REIT, Inc.2020-08
Equity (US)NYMTNew York Mortgage Trust, Inc. Common Stock2004-07
Equity (US)NYMTNNew York Mortgage Trust, Inc. 8.00% Series D Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2017-10
Equity (US)NYXHNyxoah SA Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)NZROStrategy Shares Strategy Shares Halt Climate Change ETF2022-01
Equity (US)NZUSSPDR Series Trust SPDR MSCI USA Climate Paris Aligned ETF2022-04
Equity (US)WERNWerner Enterprises, Inc. Common Stock1986-06
Equity (US)VTVTvTv Therapeutics Inc. Class A Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)ECCVEagle Point Credit Company Inc. 5.375% Notes due 20292022-01
Equity (US)PSCPrincipal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal U.S. Small-Cap Multi-Factor ETF2016-09
Equity (US)PSCCInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Consumer Staples ETF2010-04
Equity (US)GDVThe Gabelli Dividend & Income Trust2003-11
Equity (US)ECCWEagle Point Credit Company Inc .6.75% Notes due 20312021-03
Equity (US)FRONFrontier Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)MANManpowerGroup1988-10
Equity (US)MANHManhattan Associates, Inc. Common Stock1998-04
Equity (US)OCCOptical Cable Corporation Common Stock1996-04
Equity (US)OCCIOFS Credit Company, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)OCCINOFS Credit Company, Inc. 5.25% Series E Term Preferred Stock Due 20262021-12
Equity (US)LIONULionheart III Corp Unit2021-11
Equity (US)OFSOFS Capital Corporation Common Stock2012-11
Equity (US)OFSSHOFS Capital Corporation 4.95% Notes due 20282021-10
Equity (US)PSCDInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Consumer Discretionary ETF2010-04
Equity (US)PSCEInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Energy ETF2010-04
Equity (US)PSCFInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Financials ETF2010-04
Equity (US)PSCHInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Health Care ETF2010-04
Equity (US)PSCIInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Industrials ETF2010-04
Equity (US)OGOnion Global Limited American Depositary Shares (each ten (10) ADSs representing one (1) Class A Ord2021-05
Equity (US)AIMAUAimfinity Investment Corp. I Unit2022-04
Equity (US)GDSGDS Holdings Limited ADS2016-11
Equity (US)EDREndeavor Group Holdings, Inc.2021-04
Equity (US)DNOWNOW INC.2014-05
Equity (US)GDRXGoodRx Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)HMLPHOEGH LNG PARTNERS LP2014-08
Equity (US)PRPCCC Neuberger Principal Holdings III2021-03
Equity (US)JFU9F Inc. American Depositary Shares2019-08
Equity (US)REXREX American Resources Corp.1984-07
Equity (US)FRONUFrontier Acquisition Corp. Units2021-03
Equity (US)FRSHFreshworks Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)LADRLADDER CAPITAL CORP2014-02
Equity (US)MANUMANCHESTER UNITED PLC2012-08
Equity (US)PSCMInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Materials ETF2010-04
Equity (US)PSCTInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Information Technology ETF2010-04
Equity (US)PSETPrincipal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal Quality ETF2016-03
Equity (US)MASMasco Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)MASIMasimo Corporation Common Stock2007-08
Equity (US)EHABEnhabit, Inc.2022-06
Equity (US)MATWMatthews International Corporation Class A Common Stock1994-07
Equity (US)OHIOmega Healthcare Investors Inc.1992-08
Equity (US)LAURLaureate Education, Inc. Common Stock2017-02
Equity (US)LAX8i Acquisition 2 Corp. Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)MRCYMercury Systems Inc Common Stock1998-01
Equity (US)OHPAOrion Acquisition Corp. Class A common stock2021-04
Equity (US)SLNSilence Therapeutics Plc American Depository Share2020-09
Equity (US)AVXLAnavex Life Sciences Corp. Common Stock2006-08
Equity (US)AWFALLIANCEBERSTEIN GLOBAL HIGH INCOME FUND, INC.1993-07
Equity (US)LDEMiShares Trust iShares ESG MSCI EM Leaders ETF2020-02
Equity (US)BIPBrookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. Limited Partnership Units2008-01
Equity (US)PSNLPersonalis, Inc. Common Stock2019-06
Equity (US)AWHAspira Women's Health Inc. Common Stock2000-10
Equity (US)PSOPearson plc1996-11
Equity (US)BFLYButterfly Network, Inc.2020-07
Equity (US)CCUCompania Cervecerias Unidas S.A.1992-09
Equity (US)FRSTPrimis Financial Corp. Common Stock2006-11
Equity (US)FSRDFast Radius, Inc. Class A Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)FSSIFortistar Sustainable Solutions Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)OKTAOkta, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-04
Equity (US)OLBThe OLB Group, Inc. Common Stock2012-08
Equity (US)PSHGPerformance Shipping Inc. Common Shares2011-01
Equity (US)OLEDUniversal Display Corporation Common Stock1996-04
Equity (US)OLITUOmniLit Acquisition Corp. Units2021-11
Equity (US)OLKOlink Holding AB (publ) American Depositary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)OLLIOllie's Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)ORIOld Republic International Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)OSTKOverstock.com, Inc. Common Stock2002-05
Equity (US)AIRTAir T, Inc. Common Stock1984-04
Equity (US)CPUHCompute Health Acquisition Corp.2021-03
Equity (US)CXCemex S.A.B. de C.V.1999-09
Equity (US)PSPCPost Holdings Partnering Corporation2021-07
Equity (US)LAXXR8i Acquisition 2 Corp. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)LBTYBLiberty Global plc Class B Ordinary Shares2004-06
Equity (US)LBTYKLiberty Global plc Class C Ordinary Shares2005-09
Equity (US)LCLendingClub Corporation2014-12
Equity (US)LCALandcadia Holdings IV, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)GGTTHE GABELLI MULTIMEDIA TRUST INC.1994-10
Equity (US)FSZFirst Trust Switzerland AlphaDex Fund2012-02
Equity (US)PSLInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco DWA Consumer Staples Momentum ETF2006-10
Equity (US)PSNParsons Corporation2019-05
Equity (US)FTHIFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust BuyWrite Income ETF2014-01
Equity (US)GTHGenetron Holdings Limited ADS2020-06
Equity (US)GWIIGood Works II Acquisition Corp. Common Stock2021-08
Equity (US)GGZThe Gabelli Global Small and Mid Cap Value Trust2014-06
Equity (US)IDYAIDEAYA Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)IEAInfrastructure and Energy Alternatives, Inc. Common Stock2016-10
Equity (US)SPTNSpartanNash Company Common Stock2000-08
Equity (US)LCAAL Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)LCAAUL Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp Units2021-03
Equity (US)LCIDLucid Group, Inc. Common Stock2020-09
Equity (US)LOANManhattan Bridge Capital, Inc1999-05
Equity (US)SLMBPSLM Corporation Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B2005-07
Equity (US)PTCPTC Inc. Common Stock1989-12
Equity (US)PSNYPolestar Automotive Holding UK PLC Class A ADS2021-05
Equity (US)PTCTPTC Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2013-06
Equity (US)ADAPAdaptimmune Therapeutics plc American Depositary Shares2015-05
Equity (US)PTEPolarityTE, Inc. Common Stock1999-08
Equity (US)PTENPatterson-UTI Energy, Inc. Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)LCNBLCNB Corporation Common Stock1999-10
Equity (US)PTICPropTech Investment Corporation II Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)PTICUPropTech Investment Corporation II Unit2020-12
Equity (US)TMPMUTurmeric Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-10
Equity (US)ADER26 Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)ADERU26 Capital Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)GWRSGlobal Water Resources, Inc. Common Stock2016-04
Equity (US)LNCLincoln National Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)MAXNMaxeon Solar Technologies, Ltd. Ordinary Shares2020-08
Equity (US)OMCLOmnicell, Inc. Common Stock ($0.001 par value)2001-08
Equity (US)OSTROyster Enterprises Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)OTECUOceanTech Acquisitions I Corp. Units2021-05
Equity (US)OTISOtis Worldwide Corporation2020-03
Equity (US)LCUTLifetime Brands, Inc. Common Stock1991-06
Equity (US)NRGNRG Energy, Inc.2003-12
Equity (US)JEPQJ.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF2022-05
Equity (US)PSTGPure Storage, Inc. Class A2015-10
Equity (US)PACBPacific Biosciences of California, Inc. Common Stock2010-10
Equity (US)PACIPROOF Acquisition Corp I2022-01
Equity (US)GBRGGoldenbridge Acquisition Limited Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)AGNGGlobal X Funds Global X Aging Population ETF2016-05
Equity (US)MFINMedallion Financial Corp. Common Stock1996-05
Equity (US)IFVFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Dorsey Wright International Focus 5 ETF2014-07
Equity (US)IGACIG Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)PVBCProvident Bancorp, Inc. (MD) Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)LCIILCI Industries1985-05
Equity (US)SLMSLM Corporation Common Stock1983-09
Equity (US)AAAlcoa Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)PATIPatriot Transportation Holding, Inc. Common Stock2015-02
Equity (US)PATKPatrick Industries, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)PSTVPLUS THERAPEUTICS, Inc. Common Stock2001-07
Equity (US)PAVMPAVmed Inc. Common Stock2016-07
Equity (US)PBTPermian Basin Royalty Trust1980-10
Equity (US)TMPMTurmeric Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2020-12
Equity (US)BZFDBuzzFeed, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)CAAPCorporacion America Airports S.A.2018-02
Equity (US)PSTXPoseida Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)PCCTPerception Capital Corp. II Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)PCNPIMCO Corporate & Income Strategy Fund2001-12
Equity (US)PTPintec Technology Holdings Limited American Depositary Shares2018-10
Equity (US)PTACohen & Steers Tax-Advantaged Preferred Securities and Income Fund2020-10
Equity (US)PTFInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco DWA Technology Momentum ETF2006-10
Equity (US)PCTTUPureCycle Technologies, Inc. Unit2020-05
Equity (US)AEHLAntelope Enterprise Holdings Limited Common Stock (0.024 par)2007-12
Equity (US)ALDXAldeyra Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-05
Equity (US)AGLEAeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2016-04
Equity (US)GLLIGlobalink Investment Inc. Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)GLLIRGlobalink Investment Inc. Rights2022-11
Equity (US)ALIMAlimera Sciences, Inc. Common Stock2019-11
Equity (US)AKYAAkoya BioSciences, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)EIGEmployers Holdings, Inc.2007-01
Equity (US)CGCCanopy Growth Corporation Common Shares2014-04
Equity (US)RACEFerrari N.V.2015-10
Equity (US)RACYRelativity Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-04
Equity (US)GANGAN Limited Ordinary Shares2020-05
Equity (US)TMKRUTastemaker Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)GANXGain Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)TWOU2U, Inc. Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)EIGREiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2014-01
Equity (US)LCFYLocafy Limited Ordinary Share2022-03
Equity (US)AGYSAgilysys, Inc. Common Stock (DE)1980-03
Equity (US)ALLKAllakos Inc. Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)ALLOAllogene Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2018-10
Equity (US)BBDCBarings BDC, Inc.2007-02
Equity (US)CALBCalifornia BanCorp Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)CANGCango Inc. American Depositary Shares,  each representing two (2) Class A Ordinary Shares2018-07
Equity (US)CFSBCFSB Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)HIHillenbrand, Inc.2008-03
Equity (US)HIBBHibbett, Inc. Common Stock1996-10
Equity (US)MBWMMercantile Bank Corporation Common Stock1999-07
Equity (US)ELANElanco Animal Health Incorporated Common Stock2018-09
Equity (US)ELATElanco Animal Health Incorporated 5.00% Tangible Equity Units2020-01
Equity (US)ENPCExecutive Network Partnering Corporation2020-11
Equity (US)BELFBBel Fuse Inc. Class B Common Stock1998-07
Equity (US)BICKFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund II First Trust BICK Index Fund2010-04
Equity (US)ENTFEnterprise 4.0 Technology Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-12
Equity (US)BSKYBig Sky Growth Partners, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)GLHAUGlass Houses Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)ALPAUAlpha Healthcare Acquisition Corp. III Units2021-07
Equity (US)RCUSArcus Biosciences, Inc.2018-03
Equity (US)AGCOAGCO Corporation1992-04
Equity (US)CINGCingulate Inc. Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)MCAFRMountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV Rights2022-11
Equity (US)MCAGUMountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V Unit2021-11
Equity (US)MTArcelorMittal1997-08
Equity (US)NWSNews Corporation Class B Common Stock2013-06
Equity (US)PEARPear Therapeutics, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)PEBKPeoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc. Common Stock1985-10
Equity (US)PECOPhillips Edison & Company, Inc. Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)PEGPublic Service Enterprise Group Incorporated1980-01
Equity (US)VMOInvesco Municipal Opportunity Trust1992-06
Equity (US)PTIXProtagenic Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)GBGlobal Blue Group Holding AG2018-06
Equity (US)AIFApollo Tactical Income Fund Inc.2013-02
Equity (US)AREBAmerican Rebel Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2022-02
Equity (US)VWOBVanguard Whitehall Funds Vanguard Emerging Markets Government Bond ETF2013-06
Equity (US)LDPCOHEN & STEERS LIMITED DURATION PREFERRED AND INCOME FUND INC2012-07
Equity (US)LDSFFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VIII First Trust Low Duration Strategic Focus ETF2019-01
Equity (US)LEDSSemiLEDS Corporation Common Stock2010-12
Equity (US)LEELee Enterprises, Incorporated Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)DBDeutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft1996-11
Equity (US)HIIIHudson Executive Investment Corp. III Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)PEGAPegasystems Inc. Common Stock1996-07
Equity (US)PEGYPineapple Energy Inc. Common Stock1981-11
Equity (US)AIHSSenmiao Technology Limited Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)PENPenumbra, Inc.2015-09
Equity (US)PENNPenn National Gaming, Inc. Common Stock1994-05
Equity (US)AOTGEA Series Trust AOT Growth and Innovation ETF2022-06
Equity (US)LCAHULandcadia Holdings IV, Inc. Units2021-03
Equity (US)PEPGPepGen Inc. Common Stock2022-05
Equity (US)PEPLPepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share2021-12
Equity (US)PNRPentair plc1979-12
Equity (US)AIPArteris, Inc. Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)HPEHewlett Packard Enterprise Company2015-10
Equity (US)LEJULeju Holdings Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing ten (10) Ordinary Shares2014-04
Equity (US)LENLennar Corporation Class A1980-03
Equity (US)LESLLeslie's, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)MDPediatrix Medical Group, Inc.1995-09
Equity (US)VMIValmont Industries, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)HIIIUHudson Executive Investment Corp. III Unit2021-02
Equity (US)HILHill International, Inc. Common Stock2004-08
Equity (US)ALXOALX Oncology Holdings Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)ALZNAlzamend Neuro, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)HLAHUHamilton Lane Alliance Holdings I, Inc. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)PEPLUPepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-10
Equity (US)LFTLument Finance Trust, Inc.2013-03
Equity (US)LFTRLefteris Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)LFTRULefteris Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-10
Equity (US)LGIHLGI Homes, Inc. Common Stock2013-11
Equity (US)MLIMueller Industries, Inc.1991-02
Equity (US)MLKNMillerKnoll, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)NNBRNN, Inc. Common Stock1994-03
Equity (US)PERIPerion Network Ltd. Ordinary Shares2006-01
Equity (US)PESIPerma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. Common Stock1992-12
Equity (US)PETQPetIQ, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-07
Equity (US)PETSPetMed Express, Inc. Common Stock1999-04
Equity (US)PETVPetVivo Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2014-09
Equity (US)AFRMAffirm Holdings, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)AMATApplied Materials, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)SLGNSilgan Holdings Inc. Common Stock1997-02
Equity (US)IONRioneer Ltd American Depositary Shares2022-06
Equity (US)CUBECubeSmart2004-10
Equity (US)ODDSPacer Funds Pacer BlueStar Digital Entertainment ETF2022-04
Equity (US)WORWORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. COMMON SHARES1980-03
Equity (US)GBCIGlacier Bancorp Inc1984-03
Equity (US)PWFLPowerFleet, Inc. Common Stock1999-06
Equity (US)GBDCGolub Capital BDC, Inc. Common Stock2010-04
Equity (US)PWODPenns Woods Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock1994-06
Equity (US)PWPPerella Weinberg Partners Class A Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)RYNRayonier Inc.1994-02
Equity (US)OBNKOrigin Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2018-05
Equity (US)TLRYTilray Brands, Inc. Class 2 Common Stock2018-07
Equity (US)SLGLSol-Gel Technologies Ltd. Ordinary Shares2018-02
Equity (US)HLALListed Funds Trust Wahed FTSE USA Shariah ETF2019-07
Equity (US)AFTApollo Senior Floating Rate Fund Inc.2011-02
Equity (US)MDBMongoDB, Inc. Class A Common Stock2017-10
Equity (US)AFTRAfterNext HealthTech Acquisition Corp.2021-10
Equity (US)AJGArthur J. Gallagher & Co.1984-06
Equity (US)MGRDAffiliated Managers Group, Inc. 4.200% Junior Subordinated Notes due 20612021-07
Equity (US)PFBCPreferred Bank Common Stock1999-08
Equity (US)PFHDProfessional Holding Corp. Class A Common stock2020-01
Equity (US)PFIInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco DWA Financial Momentum ETF2006-10
Equity (US)PFMTPerformant Financial Corporation Common Stock2012-08
Equity (US)TLGYTLGY Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share2022-01
Equity (US)VXRTVaxart, Inc Common Stock1981-12
Equity (US)WBNDLegg Mason ETF Investment Trust Western Asset Total Return ETF2018-10
Equity (US)LGTOLegato Merger Corp. II Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)LGTOULegato Merger Corp. II Unit2021-11
Equity (US)LGVCLAMF Global Ventures Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)LHAALerer Hippeau Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)RNGRRanger Energy Services, Inc.2017-08
Equity (US)RUSHARush Enterprises, Inc. Common Stock Cl A2003-10
Equity (US)SLGGSuper League Gaming, Inc. Common Stock2019-02
Equity (US)NWPXNorthwest Pipe Company Common Stock1995-11
Equity (US)AEMDAethlon Medical, Inc. Common Stock1999-03
Equity (US)LIBYULiberty Resources Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)LICYLi-Cycle Holdings Corp.2020-11
Equity (US)LINCLincoln Educational Services Corporation Common Stock2005-06
Equity (US)LINDLindblad Expeditions Holdings Inc. Common Stock2013-07
Equity (US)LINKInterlink Electronics, Inc. Common Stock2002-01
Equity (US)LIONLionheart III Corp Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)LIQTLiqTech International, Inc. Common Stock2011-08
Equity (US)LITELumentum Holdings Inc. Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)LITMSnow Lake Resources Ltd. Common Shares2021-11
Equity (US)QUADQUAD/GRAPHICS, INC.2010-07
Equity (US)QVCDQVC, Inc. 6.375% Senior Secured Notes due 20672018-09
Equity (US)ATENA10 NETWORKS INC2014-03
Equity (US)NWBINorthwest Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock1994-11
Equity (US)BOOMDMC Global Inc. Common Stock1989-01
Equity (US)AKUAkumin Inc. Common Shares2020-09
Equity (US)HOMBHome BancShares, Inc.2006-06
Equity (US)AUGXAugmedix, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)BWCBlue Whale Acquisition Corp I Class A Ordinary Shares2021-10
Equity (US)CACCCredit Acceptance Corporation Common Stock1992-06
Equity (US)PHKPIMCO High Income Fund2003-04
Equity (US)CENTACentral Garden & Pet Company Class A Common Stock Nonvoting2007-02
Equity (US)NUVLNuvalent, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-07
Equity (US)IESCIES Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1998-01
Equity (US)LNDBrasilAgro - Companhia Brasileira de Propriedades Agra\ufffdcolas2012-05
Equity (US)RVLPRVL Pharmaceuticals plc Ordinary Shares2018-10
Equity (US)RVNCRevance Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-02
Equity (US)CLIMClimate Real Impact Solutions II Acquisition Corporation2021-03
Equity (US)ALITAlight, Inc.2020-07
Equity (US)ANZUAnzu Special Acquisition Corp I Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)CINTCI&T Inc2021-11
Equity (US)DOMODomo, Inc. Class B Common Stock2018-06
Equity (US)CXACC5 Acquisition Corporation2022-02
Equity (US)EPACEnerpac Tool Group Corp.2000-07
Equity (US)CYBRCyberArk Software Ltd. Ordinary Shares2014-09
Equity (US)CYDChina Yuchai International Ltd.1994-12
Equity (US)NUVBNuvation Bio Inc.2020-08
Equity (US)JCIJohnson Controls International plc1987-09
Equity (US)NUVANuVasive, Inc. Common Stock2004-05
Equity (US)CHRWC.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. Common Stock1997-10
Equity (US)SLGSL Green Realty Corp.1997-08
Equity (US)ATRAptarGroup, Inc.1993-04
Equity (US)JBTJohn Bean Technologies Corporation2008-07
Equity (US)AGMHAGM Group Holdings Inc. Class A Ordinary Shares2018-04
Equity (US)ALLTAllot Ltd. Ordinary Shares2006-11
Equity (US)BCOThe Brink's Company1996-01
Equity (US)JBSSJohn B. Sanfilippo & Son, Inc. Common Stock1991-12
Equity (US)BIOLBiolase, Inc. Common Stock1992-11
Equity (US)HOFTHooker Furnishings Corporation Common Stock2002-06
Equity (US)CANOCano Health, Inc.2020-07
Equity (US)RELYRemitly Global, Inc. Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)LNNLindsay Corporation1988-10
Equity (US)SLDPSolid Power, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)ARECAmerican Resources Corporation Class A Common Stock2017-06
Equity (US)MPLXMPLX LP2012-10
Equity (US)ATCOAtlas Corp.2005-08
Equity (US)SKYUProShares Trust ProShares Ultra Nasdaq Cloud Computing ETF2021-01
Equity (US)AATAMERICAN ASSETS TRUST, INC.2011-01
Equity (US)AMPAmeriprise Financial, Inc.2005-09
Equity (US)AGNCNAGNC Investment Corp. Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 7.00% Series C Fixed-To-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2017-08
Equity (US)GCMGGCM Grosvenor Inc. Class A Common Stock2019-02
Equity (US)MFGPMicro Focus International plc. American Depositary Shares, each representing One Ordinary Share2017-08
Equity (US)JBLJabil Inc.1993-05
Equity (US)ABEVAMBEV S.A.1997-03
Equity (US)LOCLLocal Bounti Corporation2021-04
Equity (US)LOOPLoop Industries, Inc. Common Stock2017-11
Equity (US)TLGATLG Acquisition One Corp.2021-03
Equity (US)MRAIMarpai, Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)MRAMEverspin Technologies, Inc. Common Stock2016-10
Equity (US)MSAMine Safety Incorporated1979-12
Equity (US)LBRDPLiberty Broadband Corporation Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2020-12
Equity (US)OIIOceaneering International Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)RDVTRed Violet, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)RDVYFirst Trust Rising Dividend Achievers ETF2014-01
Equity (US)REFIChicago Atlantic Real Estate Finance, Inc. Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)AGNCPAGNC Investment Corp. Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.125% Series F Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock2020-02
Equity (US)MLMMartin Marietta Materials1994-02
Equity (US)AGRIAgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd. Common Shares2021-07
Equity (US)ACVAACV Auctions Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)BIOTBiotech Acquisition Company Class A Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)BLTSUBright Lights Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-01
Equity (US)JBHTJ.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Common Stock1983-11
Equity (US)CAPLCrossAmerica Partners LP Common units representing limited partner interests2012-10
Equity (US)CAPRCapricor Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2007-02
Equity (US)CARACara Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2014-01
Equity (US)ARANTERO RESOURCES CORPORATION2013-10
Equity (US)RENNRenren Inc. American Depositary Share (each representing forty-five (45) Class A Ordinary Shares)2011-05
Equity (US)DENNDenny's Corporation Common Stock1998-01
Equity (US)CENXCentury Aluminum Company Common Stock1996-03
Equity (US)CEPUCentral Puerto S.A. American Depositary Shares (each represents ten Common Shares)2018-02
Equity (US)ARIZRArisz Acquisition Corp. Right2022-11
Equity (US)NIMCNiSource Inc. Series A Corporate Units2021-04
Equity (US)AOSLAlpha and Omega Semiconductor Limited Common Shares2010-04
Equity (US)BBARBanco BBVA Argentina S.A.1993-11
Equity (US)CFGCitizens Financial Group, Inc.2014-09
Equity (US)ARTEUArtemis Strategic Investment Corporation Unit2021-09
Equity (US)LUMOLumos Pharma, Inc. Common Stock2011-11
Equity (US)CGACHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE INC2008-04
Equity (US)LUNALuna Innovations Incorporated Common Stock2006-06
Equity (US)MMacy's Inc.1992-02
Equity (US)ONTFON24, Inc.2021-02
Equity (US)DBDDiebold Nixdorf Incorporated1981-12
Equity (US)DGDollar General Corp.2009-11
Equity (US)DOUGDouglas Elliman Inc.2021-12
Equity (US)VMGAUVMG Consumer Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)ADUSAddus HomeCare Corporation Common Stock2009-10
Equity (US)AFRIForafric Global PLC Ordinary Shares2021-02
Equity (US)AGOAssured Guaranty, LTD2004-04
Equity (US)ALPAAlpha Healthcare Acquisition Corp. III Class A Common Stock2021-09
Equity (US)BFCBank First Corporation Common Stock2003-10
Equity (US)AZOAutoZone, Inc.1991-04
Equity (US)ISPOInspirato Incorporated Class A Common Stock2021-02
Equity (US)CYTOAltamira Therapeutics Ltd. Common Shares 0.01 SF (Bermuda)2014-08
Equity (US)MAAQUMana Capital Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-11
Equity (US)MACThe Macerich Company1994-03
Equity (US)MACAMoringa Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)NTLAIntellia Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2016-05
Equity (US)RKLBRocket Lab USA, Inc. Common Stock2020-11
Equity (US)RKLYRockley Photonics Holdings Limited2019-09
Equity (US)RKTRocket Companies, Inc.2020-08
Equity (US)PMVCPMV Consumer Acquisition Corp.2020-11
Equity (US)CHCOCity Holding Company Common Stock1987-06
Equity (US)AMHAMERICAN HOMES 4 RENT2013-08
Equity (US)ARBGUAequi Acquisition Corp. Unit2020-11
Equity (US)CHEChemed Corporation1979-12
Equity (US)CIANCian PLC American Depositary Shares, each representing one Ordinary Share2021-11
Equity (US)CHEAChenghe Acquisition Co. Class A Ordinary Share2022-06
Equity (US)AGRAvangrid, Inc.2015-12
Equity (US)CIDMCinedigm Corp., Class A Common Stock2003-11
Equity (US)SPSCSPS Commerce, Inc. Common Stock2010-04
Equity (US)ACELAccel Entertainment, Inc.2017-08
Equity (US)MACAUMoringa Acquisition Corp Units2021-02
Equity (US)MACCMission Advancement Corp.2021-04
Equity (US)MACKMerrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2012-03
Equity (US)PNFPPPinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. Depositary shares of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc., each representing a 1/40th Interest in a share of its 6.75% Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B2020-05
Equity (US)PNTPOINT Biopharma Global Inc. Common Stock2020-07
Equity (US)LBRDALiberty Broadband Corporation Class A Common Stock2014-11
Equity (US)POWLPowell Industries, Inc. Common Stock1980-03
Equity (US)MAINMain Street Capital Corporation2007-10
Equity (US)MAQCMaquia Capital Acquisition Corporation Class A Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)MARAMarathon Digital Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2012-05
Equity (US)MARKRemark Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2003-06
Equity (US)PRMPerimeter Solutions, SA2021-11
Equity (US)PROVProvident Financial Holdings, Inc. Common Stock1996-06
Equity (US)SAMBoston Beer Company1995-11
Equity (US)SAMASchultze Special Purpose Acquisition Corp. II Class A Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)ACIAlbertsons Companies, Inc.2020-06
Equity (US)AURCUAurora Acquisition Corp. Unit2021-03
Equity (US)RMORomeo Power, Inc.2020-12
Equity (US)ROCKGibraltar Industries, Inc. Common Stock1993-11
Equity (US)ROCLURoth CH Acquisition V Co. Unit2021-12
Equity (US)AIC3.ai, Inc.2020-12
Equity (US)AIAiShares Asia 50 ETF2007-11
Equity (US)AIBAIB Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares2022-02
Equity (US)AIBBRAIB Acquisition Corporation Right2022-11
Equity (US)AIBBUAIB Acquisition Corporation Unit2022-01
Equity (US)AOUTAmerican Outdoor Brands, Inc. Common Stock2020-08
Equity (US)COFSChoiceOne Financial Services, Inc. Common Stock2001-06
Equity (US)COGTCogent Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2018-03
Equity (US)COKECoca-Cola Consolidated, Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)CPHCCanterbury Park Holding Corporation 'New' Common Stock2008-09
Equity (US)CWCurtiss-Wright Corp.1980-03
Equity (US)JANJanOne Inc. Common Stock (NV)1991-11
Equity (US)MARPSMarine Petroleum Trust Units of Beneficial Interest1980-03
Equity (US)MBINMerchants Bancorp Common Stock2017-10
Equity (US)CWANClearwater Analytics Holdings, Inc.2021-09
Equity (US)MBTCNocturne Acquisition Corporation Ordinary Shares2021-05
Equity (US)MBTCUNocturne Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-03
Equity (US)CWBCCommunity West Bancshares Common Stock1996-11
Equity (US)DDD3D Systems Corp1988-03
Equity (US)RPMRPM International, Inc.1980-03
Equity (US)AIMCAltra Industrial Motion Corp. Common Stock2006-12
Equity (US)APGBApollo Strategic Growth Capital II2021-04
Equity (US)APHAmphenol Corporation1991-11
Equity (US)APLTApplied Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock2019-05
Equity (US)NUVNuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.1987-06
Equity (US)MBUUMalibu Boats, Inc. Class A Common Stock2014-01
Equity (US)MCNMadison Covered Call & Equity Strategy Fund2004-08
Equity (US)MCOMoody's Corporation1994-10
Equity (US)MCRMFS Charter Income Trust Shares of Beneficial Interest1989-07
Equity (US)MCSThe Marcus Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)MCYMercury General Corp.1985-11
Equity (US)AVHIAchari Ventures Holdings Corp. I Common Stock2021-11
Equity (US)AVKAdvent Convertible and Income Fund2003-04
Equity (US)CZRCaesars Entertainment, Inc. Common Stock2014-09
Equity (US)BWSNBabcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. 8.125% Senior Notes due 20262021-02
Equity (US)AINAlbany International Corp Class A1987-09
Equity (US)AIRRFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance ETF2014-03
Equity (US)APMIUAxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation Unit2021-08
Equity (US)APOApollo Global Management, Inc.2011-03
Equity (US)CBFVCB Financial Services, Inc. Common Stock2003-10
Equity (US)DIODDiodes Incorporated Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)DISHDISH Network Corporation Class A Common Stock1995-06
Equity (US)MNOVMedicinova Inc Common Stock2006-12
Equity (US)MNPWestern Asset Municipal Partners Fund, Inc.1993-01
Equity (US)MNSBPMainStreet Bancshares, Inc. Depositary Shares2020-09
Equity (US)MNSOMINISO Group Holding Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing four Class A Ordinary Sha2020-10
Equity (US)MNSTMonster Beverage Corporation1985-12
Equity (US)MNTKMontauk Renewables, Inc. Common Stock2021-01
Equity (US)MNTNEverest Consolidator Acquisition Corporation2022-01
Equity (US)MOTSMotus GI Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2018-02
Equity (US)AIRTPAir T, Inc. Air T Funding Alpha Income Trust Preferred Securities2019-06
Equity (US)AIZAssurant, Inc.2004-02
Equity (US)AIZNAssurant, Inc. 5.25% Subordinated Notes due 20612020-11
Equity (US)AJRDAerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc.1981-02
Equity (US)APCAAP Acquisition Corp2022-02
Equity (US)APPSDigital Turbine, Inc. Common Stock2006-07
Equity (US)MOVMovado Group, Inc.1993-09
Equity (US)TKRThe Timken Company1979-12
Equity (US)SKYTSkyWater Technology, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)JAKKJAKKS Pacific, Inc. Common Stock1996-05
Equity (US)CBIOCatalyst Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2006-04
Equity (US)COLIColicity Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)KAIIKismet Acquisition Two Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-04
Equity (US)MDCPVictory Portfolios II VictoryShares THB Mid Cap ESG ETF2021-10
Equity (US)MDGLMadrigal Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2007-02
Equity (US)MDGSMedigus Ltd. American Depositary Shares2015-08
Equity (US)AJXAGreat Ajax Corp.7.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 20242017-04
Equity (US)AKAa.k.a. Brands Holding Corp.2021-09
Equity (US)AKANAkanda Corp. Common Shares2022-03
Equity (US)APREAprea Therapeutics, Inc. Common stock2019-10
Equity (US)BABoeing Company1979-12
Equity (US)KEYSKeysight Technologies, Inc.2014-10
Equity (US)TKNOAlpha Teknova, Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)INTRInter & Co. Inc. Class A Common Shares2022-06
Equity (US)MSACMedicus Sciences Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share2021-04
Equity (US)LDIloanDepot, Inc.2021-02
Equity (US)PTLOPortillo's Inc. Class A Common Stock2021-10
Equity (US)SARSARATOGA INVESTMENT CORP. NEW2007-03
Equity (US)SARKCollaborative Investment Series Trust Tuttle Capital Short Innovation ETF2021-11
Equity (US)SASISigma Labs, Inc. Common Stock2010-10
Equity (US)SATSEchoStar Corporation Common Stock2008-01
Equity (US)PTMNPortman Ridge Finance Corporation Common Stock2006-12
Equity (US)ALAir Lease Corporation2011-04
Equity (US)APTMAlpha Partners Technology Merger Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares2021-09
Equity (US)CLFCleveland-Cliffs Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)DYDycom Industries, Inc.1984-06
Equity (US)PTVEPactiv Evergreen Inc. Common stock2020-09
Equity (US)PTYPIMCO Corporate & Income Opportunity Fund2002-12
Equity (US)PUCKGoal Acquisitions Corp. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)PUCKUGoal Acquisitions Corp. Unit2021-02
Equity (US)ARVRFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund II First Trust Indxx Metaverse ETF2022-04
Equity (US)ASMBAssembly Biosciences, Inc. Common Stock2010-12
Equity (US)ASPNAspen Aerogels, Inc.2014-06
Equity (US)AVGRAvinger, Inc. Common Stock2015-01
Equity (US)SPRXListed Funds Trust Spear Alpha ETF2021-08
Equity (US)MDUMDU Resources Group, Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)MDVModiv Inc.2022-02
Equity (US)MDVLMedAvail Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2010-05
Equity (US)MDWDMediWound Ltd. Ordinary Shares2014-03
Equity (US)MDWTMidwest Holding Inc. Common Stock2020-12
Equity (US)MESOMesoblast Limited American Depositary Shares2010-01
Equity (US)DFPFLAHERTY & CRUMRINE DYNAMIC PREFERRED AND INCOME FUND INCORPORATED2013-05
Equity (US)ALECAlector, Inc. Common Stock2019-02
Equity (US)ALEXAlexander & Baldwin, Inc.2012-06
Equity (US)ALFALFI, Inc. Common Stock2021-05
Equity (US)ERJEmbraer S.A.2000-07
Equity (US)BCATBlackRock Capital Allocation Trust2020-09
Equity (US)DGHIDigihost Technology Inc. Common Subordinate Voting Shares2021-01
Equity (US)BGXBlackstone Long-Short Credit Income Fund2011-01
Equity (US)BLBDBlue Bird Corporation Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)METCLRamaco Resources, Inc. 9.00% Senior Notes due 20262021-07
Equity (US)METXMeten Holding Group Ltd. Ordinary Shares2018-10
Equity (US)MFCManulife Financial Corp.1999-09
Equity (US)MFDMacquarie/First Trust Global Infrastructure/Utilities Dividend & Income Fund2004-03
Equity (US)MFGMizuho Financial Group, Inc. American Depositary Shares (Each representing one-fifth of an Ordinary2006-11
Equity (US)MFHMercurity Fintech Holding Inc. ADS2015-04
Equity (US)MGEEMGE Energy, Inc1980-03
Equity (US)MGFMFS Government Markets Income Trust Common Shares of Beneficial Interest1987-05
Equity (US)PUIInvesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco DWA Utilities Momentum ETF2005-10
Equity (US)PUKPRUDENTIAL PLC ADS (REP 2 ORD SHARES)2000-06
Equity (US)ALGMAllegro MicroSystems, Inc. Common Stock2020-10
Equity (US)ALGNAlign Technology, Inc. Common Stock2001-01
Equity (US)ALHCAlignment Healthcare, Inc. Common Stock2021-03
Equity (US)PULMPulmatrix, Inc. Common Stock2014-03
Equity (US)PXDPioneer Natural Resource Co.1997-08
Equity (US)PXLWPixelworks, Inc.  Common Stock2000-05
Equity (US)BSMBlack Stone Minerals, L.P.2015-04
Equity (US)PZZAPapa John's International, Inc. Common Stock1993-06
Equity (US)MGNIMagnite, Inc. Common Stock2014-04
Equity (US)MGNXMacroGenics, Inc. Common Stock2013-10
Equity (US)MGPIMGP Ingredients, Inc.1988-10
Equity (US)MGRAffiliated Managers Group, Inc. 5.875% Junior Subordinated Notes due 20592019-03
Equity (US)MGRBAffiliated Managers Group, Inc. 4.750% Junior Subordinated Notes due 20602020-09
Equity (US)MGRCMcGrath RentCorp Common Stock1984-11
Equity (US)BSMVInvesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2031 Municipal Bond ETF2021-09
Equity (US)CNHICNH INDUSTRIAL N.V.2013-09
Equity (US)ATOAtmos Energy Corporation1983-12
Equity (US)ACRACRES Commercial Realty Corp.2006-02
Equity (US)TKLFYoshitsu Co., Ltd American Depositary Shares2022-01
Equity (US)ADCTADC Therapeutics SA2020-05
Equity (US)BXPBoston Properties, Inc.1997-06
Equity (US)MHLDMaiden Holdings, Ltd.2008-05
Equity (US)MHNBLACKROCK MUNIHOLDINGS NEW YORK QUALITY FUND, INC1997-09
Equity (US)ADSEADS-TEC ENERGY PLC Ordinary Shares2021-03
Equity (US)DUETDUET Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-03
Equity (US)MINDPMIND Technology Inc. Series A 9.00% Series A Cumulative Preferred Stock (DE)2016-06
Equity (US)MIRMirion Technologies, Inc.2020-08
Equity (US)MIRMMirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2019-07
Equity (US)MIROMiromatrix Medical Inc. Common Stock2021-06
Equity (US)NEUNewMarket Corporation1980-03
Equity (US)DUETUDUET Acquisition Corp. Unit2022-01
Equity (US)ADTHAdTheorent Holding Company, Inc. Common Stock2021-04
Equity (US)ALNYAlnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock2004-06
Equity (US)ALPNAlpine Immune Sciences, Inc. Common Stock2015-06
Equity (US)ALSAUAlpha Star Acquisition Corporation Units2021-12
Equity (US)AMBCAmbac Financial Group, Inc.2013-05
Equity (US)AQMSAqua Metals, Inc. Common Stock2015-07
Equity (US)BENERBenessere Capital Acquisition Corp. Right2021-01
Equity (US)AEAEAltEnergy Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2021-12
Equity (US)AVNWAviat Networks, Inc. Common Stock1987-05
Equity (US)QATiShares Trust iShares MSCI Qatar ETF2014-05
Equity (US)MITKMitek Systems, Inc. Common Stock1989-01
Equity (US)MKFGMarkforged Holding Corporation2020-10
Equity (US)MKLMarkel Corporation1986-12
Equity (US)FUBOfuboTV Inc.2019-03
Equity (US)AMBPArdagh Metal Packaging S.A.2021-08
Equity (US)AMEHApollo Medical Holdings, Inc. Common Stock2009-03
Equity (US)AZEKThe AZEK Company Inc.2020-06
Equity (US)CPKChesapeake Utilities1980-03
Equity (US)BGCPBGC Partners, Inc Class A Common Stock1999-12
Equity (US)LFACLF Capital Acquisition Corp. II Class A Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)LFACULF Capital Acquisition Corp. II Units2021-11
Equity (US)BNEDBarnes & Noble Education, Inc2015-07
Equity (US)VMGAVMG Consumer Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock2022-01
Equity (US)ARVNArvinas, Inc. Common Stock2018-09
Equity (US)AEPAmerican Electric Power Company, Inc. Common Stock1979-12
Equity (US)BYDBoyd Gaming Corporation1993-10
Equity (US)CATCaterpillar Inc.1979-12
Equity (US)MSBIMidland States Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2016-05
Equity (US)QFIN360 DigiTech, Inc. American Depositary Shares2018-12
Equity (US)JAGXJaguar Health, Inc. Common Stock2015-05
Equity (US)MLTXMoonLake Immunotherapeutics Class A Ordinary Shares2020-10
Equity (US)MLVFMalvern Bancorp, Inc. Common Stock2008-05
Equity (US)MMYTMakeMyTrip Limited Ordinary Shares2010-08
Equity (US)MNMANNING & NAPIER, INC.2011-11
Equity (US)XLXL Fleet Corp.2020-12
CryptoAPTUSDTApricot Finance vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoDYDXUSDTDecentralized exchange vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoARUSDTArweave vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoPEOPLEUSDTConstitutionDAO vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoGMTUSDTGambit vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoAPEUSDTApeCoin vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoENSUSDTEthereum Name Service vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoGALUSDTGalatasaray Fan Token vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoC98USDTCoin98 vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoOPUSDTOptimism vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoFLOWUSDTFlow vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoWOOUSDTWOO Network vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoSTGUSDTStargate Finance vs USD Token2022-11
CryptoLUNCUSDTTerra Classic vs USD Token2022-11
Equity (HKEX)00314HKSIPAI HEALTH2022-12
Equity (HKEX)00587HKCONCH ENVIRO2022-03
Equity (HKEX)00816HKJINMAO SERVICES2022-03
Equity (HKEX)01204HKBOARDWARE INTEL2022-07
Equity (HKEX)01244HK3D MEDICINES2022-12
Equity (HKEX)01407HKJY GAS2022-11
Equity (HKEX)01698HKTME-SW2022-09
Equity (HKEX)01880HKCTG DUTY-FREE2022-08
Equity (HKEX)02145HKCHICMAX2022-12
Equity (HKEX)02147HKZHENGWEI GROUP2023-01
Equity (HKEX)02157HKLEPU BIO-B2022-02
Equity (HKEX)02172HKMICROPORT NEURO2022-07
Equity (HKEX)02179HKRECBIO-B2022-03
Equity (HKEX)02237HKCHINA GRAPHITE2022-07
Equity (HKEX)02245HKLYGEND RESOURCE2022-12
Equity (HKEX)02246HKGOGOX2022-06
Equity (HKEX)02291HKSCIENTECH2022-11
Equity (HKEX)02306HKYH ENT2023-01
Equity (HKEX)02315HKBIOCYTOGEN-B2022-09
Equity (HKEX)02325HKYUNKANG GROUP2022-05
Equity (HKEX)02367HKGIANT BIOGENE2022-11
Equity (HKEX)02373HKBEAUTYFARM MED2023-01
Equity (HKEX)02385HKREADBOY2022-07
Equity (HKEX)02390HKZHIHU-W2022-04
Equity (HKEX)02392HKXUANWU CLOUD2022-07
Equity (HKEX)02402HKSINOHYTEC2023-01
Equity (HKEX)02407HKGAUSH MEDITECH2022-12
Equity (HKEX)02411HKPAGODA GP2023-01
Equity (HKEX)02422HKREGO INTERACT2022-10
Equity (HKEX)02423HKBEKE-W2022-05
Equity (HKEX)02427HKGUANZE MEDICAL2022-12
Equity (HKEX)02436HKLX TECHNOLOGY2022-11
Equity (HKEX)02455HKRUNHUA SERVICE2023-01
Equity (HKEX)02457HKBUYANG INTL2022-12
Equity (HKEX)02459HKSANERGY GROUP2023-01
Equity (HKEX)02469HKFENBI2023-01
Equity (HKEX)02602HKONEWO2022-09
Equity (HKEX)02801HKISHARES CHINA2010-01
Equity (HKEX)02806HKGX CN CONSUME2020-01
Equity (HKEX)02809HKGX CN CLN EN2020-01
Equity (HKEX)02812HKSAMSUNGCDGN2018-06
Equity (HKEX)02822HKCSOP A50 ETF2012-08
Equity (HKEX)02823HKISHARES A502010-01
Equity (HKEX)02826HKGX CN CLOUD2019-07
Equity (HKEX)02839HKCAM MSCI A502021-12
Equity (HKEX)02840HKSPDR GOLD TRUST2010-01
Equity (HKEX)02845HKGX CN EV BATT2020-01
Equity (HKEX)02846HKISHARESCSI3002010-01
Equity (HKEX)03010HKISHARES AXJ2010-01
Equity (HKEX)03032HKHSTECH ETF2020-09
Equity (HKEX)03033HKCSOP HS TECH2020-08
Equity (HKEX)03040HKGX MSCI CHINA2013-06
Equity (HKEX)03053HKA CSOP HKD MM2018-07
Equity (HKEX)03066HKFA CSOP BTC2022-12
Equity (HKEX)03067HKISHARESHSTECH2020-09
Equity (HKEX)03068HKFA CSOP ETH2022-12
Equity (HKEX)03069HKCAM HSBIOTECH2021-03
Equity (HKEX)03081HKVALUEGOLD ETF2010-10
Equity (HKEX)03088HKCAM HS TECH2020-09
Equity (HKEX)03110HKGX HS HIGH DIV2013-06
Equity (HKEX)03115HKISHARESHSI2016-11
Equity (HKEX)03147HKCSOP CHINEXT2015-05
Equity (HKEX)03151HKPREMIA STAR502022-01
Equity (HKEX)03175HKF SAMSUNG OIL2016-04
Equity (HKEX)03188HKCAM CSI3002012-07
Equity (HKEX)03191HKGX CN SEMICON2020-08
Equity (HKEX)03896HKKINGSOFT CLOUD2022-12
Equity (HKEX)03931HKCALB2022-10
Equity (HKEX)06610HKFLOWING CLOUD2022-10
Equity (HKEX)06639HKARRAIL GROUP2022-03
Equity (HKEX)06655HKHUAXIN CEMENT2022-03
Equity (HKEX)06660HKAIM VACCINE2022-10
Equity (HKEX)06689HKHONGJIU FRUIT2022-09
Equity (HKEX)06698HKSTAR CM2022-12
Equity (HKEX)06922HKCRYOFOCUS-B2022-12
Equity (HKEX)06929HKORBUSNEICH2022-12
Equity (HKEX)06955HKBOAN BIOTECH2022-12
Equity (HKEX)06963HKSUNSHINE INS2022-12
Equity (HKEX)07226HKXL2CSOPHSTECH2020-12
Equity (HKEX)07233HKXL2CSOPCSI3002020-07
Equity (HKEX)07266HKFL2CSOPNASDAQ2020-05
Equity (HKEX)07299HKFL2CSOPGOLD2020-06
Equity (HKEX)07333HKXICSOPCSI3002020-07
Equity (HKEX)07500HKFI2 CSOP HSI2019-05
Equity (HKEX)07522HKFI2CAMNDQ1002019-09
Equity (HKEX)07552HKXI2CSOPHSTECH2020-12
Equity (HKEX)07568HKFI2CSOPNASDAQ2019-09
Equity (HKEX)09638HKFERRETTI2022-03
Equity (HKEX)09658HKSUPER HI2022-12
Equity (HKEX)09696HKTIANQI LITHIUM2022-07
Equity (HKEX)09857HKLINMON MEDIA2022-08
Equity (HKEX)09863HKLEAPMOTOR2022-09
Equity (HKEX)09866HKNIO-SW2022-03
Equity (HKEX)09877HKJENSCARE-B2022-10
Equity (HKEX)09878HKHUITONGDA NET2022-02
Equity (HKEX)09886HKDINGDANG HEALTH2022-09
Equity (HKEX)09896HKMNSO2022-07
Equity (HKEX)09955HKCLOUDR2022-07
Equity (HKEX)09985HKWEILONG2022-12
Equity (HKEX)82822HKCSOP A50 ETF-R2012-08
Equity (HKEX)83188HKCAM CSI300-R2012-07
CryptoETHUSDMEthereum Perpetual Future2019-11
CryptoBCHUSDMBitcoin Cash vs US Dollar Perpetual Future2019-12
CryptoLINKUSDTMChainlink vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-01
CryptoUNIUSDTMUniswap vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoYFIUSDTMYearn Finance vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoEOSUSDCMEOS vs Cash USD Perpetual Future2018-12
CryptoDOTUSDTMPolkadot vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-08
CryptoFILUSDTMFilecoin vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-10
CryptoADAUSDTMCardano vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-02
CryptoXRPUSDMRipple vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-01
CryptoLTCUSDMLitecoin Perpetual Future2020-01
CryptoTRXUSDTMTron vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-01
CryptoGRTUSDTMThe Graph vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-12
CryptoSUSHIUSDTMSushiSwap vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoXLMUSDTMStellar Lumens vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-01
Crypto1INCHUSDTM1inch Network vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-12
CryptoZECUSDTMZcash vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-02
CryptoDASHUSDTMDash vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-02
CryptoAAVEUSDTMAave vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-10
CryptoKSMUSDTMKusama vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-10
CryptoDOGEUSDTMDogecoin vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-07
CryptoVETUSDTMVeChain VET vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-02
CryptoBNBUSDTMBinance Coin vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-02
CryptoSXPUSDTMSwip vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-07
CryptoSOLUSDTMSolana vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoIOSTUSDTMIOST vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-02
CryptoCRVUSDTMCurve DAO Token vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoALGOUSDTMAlgorand vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-06
CryptoAVAXUSDTMAvalanche vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoFTMUSDTMFantom vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoMATICUSDTMPolygon (Matic Network) vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-10
CryptoTHETAUSDTMTheta vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-05
CryptoATOMUSDTMCosmos vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-02
CryptoCHZUSDMChiliz vs USD Perpetual Future2021-01
CryptoENJUSDTMEnjin Coi vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoMANAUSDTMDecentraland vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-03
CryptoDENTUSDTMDent vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-03
CryptoOCEANUSDTMOcean Protocol vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-11
CryptoBATUSDTMBasic Attention Token vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-02
CryptoXEMUSDTMXEM vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-03
CryptoQTUMUSDTMQtum vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-02
CryptoXTZUSDTMTezos vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-02
CryptoSNXUSDTMSynthetix Network Token vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-08
CryptoNEOUSDCMNeo vs Cash USD Perpetual Future2019-03
CryptoONTUSDTMOntology vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-02
CryptoXMRUSDTMMonero vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-02
CryptoCOMPUSDTMCompound vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-07
CryptoETCUSDTMEthereum Classic vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-01
CryptoWAVESUSDTMWaves vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-08
CryptoBANDUSDTMBand Protocol vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-07
CryptoMKRUSDTMMaker vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-08
CryptoRVNUSDTMRavencoin vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-02
CryptoDGBUSDTMDigiByte vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-04
CryptoSHIBUSDMShiba Inu vs USD Perpetual Future2021-09
CryptoICPUSDMInternet Computer vs USD Perpetual Future2022-09
CryptoDYDXUSDTMDecentralized exchange vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-09
CryptoAXSUSDTMAxie Infinity vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-11
CryptoHBARUSDTMHedera Hashgrap vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-03
CryptoEGLDUSDTMElrond vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoALICEUSDTMMy Neighbor Alice vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-03
CryptoNEARUSDTMNEAR Protocol vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-10
CryptoSANDUSDTMThe Sandbox vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-01
CryptoC98USDTMCoin98 vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-08
CryptoONEUSDTMHarmony One vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-03
CryptoGALAUSDMGala vs USD Perpetual Future2021-09
CryptoCHRUSDTMChromia vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-03
CryptoLRCUSDTMLoopring vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-10
CryptoFLOWUSDTMFlow vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-02
CryptoRNDRUSDMRender Token vs USD Perpetual Future2023-02
CryptoIOTXUSDTMIoTeX vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-08
CryptoCROUSDMCronos vs USD Perpetual Future2021-11
CryptoPEOPLEUSDTMConstitutionDAO vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-12
CryptoOMGUSDTMOmiseGO Perpetual Future2020-07
CryptoLINAUSDTMLinear Finance vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-03
CryptoIMXUSDMImmutable X vs USD Perpetual Future2022-02
CryptoCELRUSDTMCeler Network vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-03
CryptoENSUSDTMEthereum Name Service vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-12
CryptoCELOUSDTMCelo vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-09
CryptoCTSIUSDTMCartesi vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-10
CryptoSLPUSDTMSmall Love Potion vs USD Token Perpetual Future2023-11
CryptoARPAUSDTMARPA Chain vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-10
CryptoKNCUSDMKyberNetwork vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-06
CryptoAPI3USDMThe Web3 API Economy vs USD Perpetual Future2022-02
CryptoROSEUSDTMOasis Network vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-01
CryptoAGLDUSDMAdventure Gold vs USD Perpetual Future2023-07
CryptoAPEUSDTMApeCoin vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-03
CryptoJASMYUSDMJasmyCoin vs USD Perpetual Future2022-04
CryptoZILUSDTMZilliqa vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-06
CryptoGMTUSDTMGambit vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-03
CryptoRUNEUSDTMTHORChain vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoAUDIOUSDTMAudius vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-08
CryptoKAVAUSDTMKava.io vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-07
CryptoBALUSDTMBalancer vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoGALUSDTMGalatasaray Fan Token vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-05
CryptoLUNAUSDTMTerra vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-08
CryptoLUNCUSDTMTerra Classic vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-11
CryptoOPUSDTMOptimism vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-06
CryptoUNFIUSDTMUnifi Protocol vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-02
CryptoLITUSDTMLition vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-02
CryptoDUSKUSDTMDusk Network vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-01
CryptoSTORJUSDTMStorj vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoRSRUSDTMReserve Rights Token vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-10
CryptoJSTUSDTMJUST vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-08
CryptoOGNUSDTMOrigin Protocol vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-04
CryptoTRBUSDTMTellor vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoPERPUSDMPerpetual Protocol vs USD Perpetual Future2023-03
CryptoANKRUSDTMAnkr vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-01
CryptoWOOUSDTMWOO Network vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-04
CryptoRENUSDTMRen vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-10
CryptoCVCUSDTMCivic vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-11
CryptoINJUSDTMInjective Protocol vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-08
CryptoAPTUSDTMApricot Finance vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-10
CryptoMASKUSDMMask Network vs USD Perpetual Future2021-08
CryptoREEFUSDTMReef vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-02
CryptoFETUSDTMFetch.ai vs USD Token Perpetual Future2023-01
CryptoARUSDTMArweave vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-09
CryptoACHUSDMAlchemy Pay vs USD Perpetual Future2023-02
CryptoSTXUSDTMStacks vs USD Token Perpetual Future2023-02
CryptoCKBUSDTMNervos Network vs USD Token Perpetual Future2023-03
CryptoTRUUSDTMTrueFi vs USD Token Perpetual Future2023-03
CryptoQNTUSDMQuant vs USD Perpetual Future2022-10
CryptoLQTYUSDMLiquity vs USD Perpetual Future2023-03
CryptoSTGUSDTMStargate Finance vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-08
CryptoDODOUSDTMDODO vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-02
CryptoPAXGUSDTMPAX Gold vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-08
CryptoZRXUSDTM0X vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-06
CryptoICXUSDTMICON Cryptocurrency vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-09
CryptoNKNUSDTMNew Kind of Network vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-04
CryptoANTUSDTMAragon vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-12
CryptoBELUSDTMBella Protocol vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-11
CryptoIDEXUSDMIDEX vs USD Perpetual Future2023-05
CryptoUMAUSDTMUMA vs USD Token Perpetual Future2023-05
CryptoRADUSDMRadicle vs USD Perpetual Future2023-05
CryptoFTTUSDTMFTX Token vs USD Token Perpetual Future2022-04
CryptoTOMOUSDTMTomoChain vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-10
CryptoKEYUSDTMKey vs USD Token Perpetual Future2023-05
CryptoMTLUSDTMMetal vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-04
CryptoALPHAUSDTMAlpha Coin vs USD Token Perpetual Future2020-11
CryptoSFPUSDTMSafePal vs USD Token Perpetual Future2021-02
CryptoBTCUSDMBitcoin Perpetual Future2019-09
Equity (KR)005930KSSAMSUNG ELECTRON2000-01
Equity (KR)086520KQECOPRO CO LTD2007-07
Equity (KR)005490KSPOSCO HOLDINGS I2000-01
Equity (KR)247540KQECOPRO BM CO LTD2019-03
Equity (KR)003670KSPOSCO FUTURE M C2001-11
Equity (KR)000660KSSK HYNIX INC2000-01
Equity (KR)196230KSKB KBSTAR SHORT2014-05
Equity (KR)252670KSKODEX200 F INV2X2016-09
Equity (KR)007660KSISUPETASYS CO2000-08
Equity (KR)066970KQL&F CO LTD2003-01
Equity (KR)022100KQPOSCO DX CO LTD2000-11
Equity (KR)122630KSSS-KODEX LEV ETF2010-02
Equity (KR)251340KSSS KDX KSD150INV2016-08
Equity (KR)001570KSKUM YANG CO LTD2000-01
Equity (KR)233740KSSS KDQ150 LV ETF2015-12
Equity (KR)373220KSLG ENERGY SOLUTI2022-01
Equity (KR)051910KSLG CHEM LTD2001-04
Equity (KR)190620KSKIM ACE SHORT-TE2013-12
Equity (KR)042700KSHANMI SEMICON2005-07
Equity (KR)001470KSSAMBU ENGINEERIN2005-09
Equity (KR)035420KSNAVER CORP2002-10
Equity (KR)281740KQLAKE MATERIALS C2020-03
Equity (KR)064350KSROTEM CO2013-10
Equity (KR)006400KSSAMSUNG SDI CO2000-01
Equity (KR)005380KSHYUNDAI MOTOR2000-01
Equity (KR)005070KSCOSMOAM&T CO LTD2005-09
Equity (KR)096770KSSK INNOVATION2007-07
Equity (KR)328130KQLUNIT INC2022-07
Equity (KR)131400KQEV ADVANCED MATE2010-12
Equity (KR)047050KSPOSCO INTERNATIO2001-03
Equity (KR)157450KSTIGER M MAR ETF2012-05
Equity (KR)161000KSAEKYUNG CHEMICAL2000-01
Equity (KR)034020KSDOOSAN ENERBILIT2000-11
Equity (KR)000270KSKIA CORP2000-01
Equity (KR)064550KSBIONEER CORP2005-12
Equity (KR)012450KSHANWHA AEROSPACE2000-01
Equity (KR)229200KSKODEX 150 ETF2015-10
Equity (KR)900250KQCHINA CRYSTAL NE2016-01
Equity (KR)009520KQPOSCO M-TECH CO2000-09
Equity (KR)066570KSLG ELECTRONICS2002-04
Equity (KR)005950KSISU CHEM2000-01
Equity (KR)035720KSKAKAO CORP2000-02
Equity (KR)015750KSSUNGWOO HITECH2000-04
Equity (KR)005420KSCOSMOCHEMICAL CO2000-01
Equity (KR)068270KSCELLTRION INC2005-07
Equity (KR)352820KSHYBE CO LTD2020-10
Equity (KR)371460KSTGR CH VHCL ETF2020-12
Equity (KR)009830KSHANWHA SOLUTIONS2000-01
Equity (KR)305540KSTIGER SEC CELL2018-09
Equity (KR)114800KSSS-KODEX INVERSE2009-09
Equity (KR)005860KQHANIL FEED CO LT2000-09
Equity (KR)047400KSUNION MATERIALS2009-09
Equity (KR)091990KQCELLTRION HEALTH2017-07
Equity (KR)001340KSPAIK KWANG IND2000-01
Equity (KR)035900KQJYP ENTERTAINMEN2002-07
Equity (KR)016790KQCANARIABIO INC2018-06
Equity (KR)010140KSSAMSUNG HEAVY IN2000-01
Equity (KR)305720KSKODEX SEC BATRY2018-09
Equity (KR)403870KQHPSP CO LTD2022-07
Equity (KR)105560KSKB FINANCIAL GRO2001-12
Equity (KR)024900KSDUCK YANG IND2000-01
Equity (KR)011070KSLG INNOTEK CO LT2008-07
Equity (KR)122870KQYG ENTERTAINMENT2011-11
Equity (KR)009150KSSAMSUNG ELECTRO2000-01
Equity (KR)000990KSDB HITEK CO LTD2000-01
Equity (KR)013310KQAJIN INDUSTRIAL2015-12
Equity (KR)277810KQRAINBOW ROBOTICS2021-02
Equity (KR)011500KSHANNONG CHEMICAL2003-01
Equity (KR)042660KSHANWHA OCEAN CO2001-02
Equity (KR)012330KSHYUNDAI MOBIS2000-01
Equity (KR)047810KSKOREA AEROSPACE2011-06
Equity (KR)218150KQMILAE BIORESOURC2017-12
Equity (KR)361610KSSK IE TECHNOLOGY2021-05
Equity (KR)011810KSSTX CORPORATION2000-01
Equity (KR)011230KSSAMWHA ELECTRON2000-01
Equity (KR)041510KSSME2000-04
Equity (KR)036570KSNCSOFT CORP2000-07
Equity (KR)383310KQECOPRO HN CO LTD2021-05
Equity (KR)207940KSSAMSUNG BIOLOGIC2016-11
Equity (KR)005290KSDONGJIN SEMICHEM2000-02
Equity (KR)214980KSSS KODEX KRW ETF2015-03
Equity (KR)299030KQHANA TECHNOLOGY2020-11
Equity (KR)319400KQHYUNDAI MOVEX CO2019-05
Equity (KR)257720KQSILICON2 CO LTD2021-09
Equity (KR)038110KQECOPLASTIC CORP2000-11
Equity (KR)042670KSHD HYUNDAI INFRA2001-02
Equity (KR)074610KSENPLUS CO LTD2003-12
Equity (KR)028300KQHLB INC2008-12
Equity (KR)153130KSKODEX-KRCASH ETF2012-02
Equity (KR)051900KSLG H&H2001-04
Equity (KR)067310KQHANA MICRON INC2005-10
Equity (KR)001790KSTS CORP2000-01
Equity (KR)109610KQSY CO LTD2015-12
Equity (KR)121600KQADVANCED NANO PR2011-02
Equity (KR)108860KQSELVAS AI INC2009-12
Equity (KR)094170KQDONGWOON ANATECH2015-06
Equity (KR)270520KQGEOLIT ENERGY CO2017-08
Equity (KR)055550KSSHINHAN FINANCIA2000-01
Equity (KR)060280KQCUREXO2002-07
Equity (KR)152550KSKIM-ANKOR OIL-12012-08
Equity (KR)001390KSKG CHEMICAL CORP2000-01
Equity (KR)086790KSHANA FINANCIAL G2002-12
Equity (KR)418420KQRAONTECH INC2021-12
Equity (KR)112610KSCS WIND2014-11
Equity (KR)000910KSUNION CORP2000-01
Equity (KR)086900KQMEDYTOX2009-01
Equity (KR)036930KQJUSUNG ENGINEERI2000-09
Equity (KR)095340KQISC CO LTD2007-10
Equity (KR)011200KSHMM CO LTD2000-01
Equity (KR)033230KQINSUNG INFO CO2000-09
Equity (KR)372170KQYUNSUNG F&C CO L2022-11
Equity (KR)073640KQTERA SCIENCE CO2004-01
Equity (KR)353200KSDAEDUCK ELECTRON2020-05
Equity (KR)009540KSHD KOREA SHIPBUI2000-01
Equity (KR)214680KQDRTECH CORP2016-11
Equity (KR)114190KQKANGWON ENERGY C2009-11
Equity (KR)037370KQEG CORPORATION2000-09
Equity (KR)338220KQVUNO INC2021-02
Equity (KR)348340KQNEUROMEKA CO LTD2022-11
Equity (KR)002710KSTCC STEEL2000-01
Equity (KR)137400KQPEOPLE & TECHNOL2012-07
Equity (KR)138040KSMERITZ FINANCIAL2011-05
Equity (KR)078600KQDAEJOO ELECTRON2004-12
Equity (KR)009470KSSAMWHA ELECTRIC2000-01
Equity (KR)151860KQKG ECO TECHNOLOG2013-07
Equity (KR)399720KQGAONCHIPS CO LTD2022-05
Equity (KR)112040KQWEMADE CO LTD2009-12
Equity (KR)000720KSHYUNDAI ENG&CONS2000-01
Equity (KR)001780KSALUKO CO LTD2007-06
Equity (KR)101490KQS&S TECH CORP2009-04
Equity (KR)241560KSDOOSAN BOBCAT IN2016-11
Equity (KR)290690KQSOLUX CO LTD2020-11
Equity (KR)090430KSAMOREPACIFIC COR2006-06
Equity (KR)323410KSKAKAOBANK CORP2021-08
Equity (KR)000250KSSAM CHUN DANG2000-10
Equity (KR)332290KQNOUSBO CO LTD2022-01
Equity (KR)095500KQMNTECH CO LTD2007-10
Equity (KR)377480KQMAUM AI INC2021-11
Equity (KR)200880KSSEOYON E-HWA CO2014-08
Equity (KR)094360KQCHIPS&MEDIA INC2015-08
Equity (KR)093230KSE INVESTMENT&DEV2007-11
Equity (KR)030200KSKT CORP2000-01
Equity (KR)058610KQSPG CO LTD2002-08
Equity (KR)318000KQKBG CORP2019-08
Equity (KR)003620KSKG MOBILITY CO2000-01
Equity (KR)117730KQT-ROBOTICS CO2018-11
Equity (KR)004690KSSAMCHULLY CO LTD2000-01
Equity (KR)032190KQDAOU DATA CORP2000-09
Equity (KR)003490KSKOREAN AIR LINES2000-01
Equity (KR)068760KSCELLTRION PHARM2004-11
Equity (KR)053610KQPROTEC CO LTD2001-08
Equity (KR)028050KSSAMSUNG ENGINEER2000-01
Equity (KR)011930KSSHINSUNG E&G2000-01
Equity (KR)248070KSSOLUM CO LTD2021-02
Equity (KR)302440KSSK BIOSCIENCE CO2021-03
Equity (KR)010600KSWELLBIOTEC CO LT2005-09
Equity (KR)101670KQHYDRO LITHIUM IN2008-07
Equity (KR)015760KSKOREA ELEC POWER2000-01
Equity (KR)254490KQMIRAI SEMICONDUC2023-01
Equity (KR)048410KQHYUNDAI BIOSCIEN2002-08
Equity (KR)010820KSFIRSTEC CO LTD2000-01
Equity (KR)017670KSSK TELECOM2000-01
Equity (KR)008770KSHOTEL SHILLA CO2000-01
Equity (KR)041020KSPOLARIS OFFICE C2005-10
Equity (KR)001230KSDONGKUK HOLDINGS2000-01
Equity (KR)058970KQEMRO2017-04
Equity (KR)394280KQOPENEDGES TECHNO2022-09
Equity (KR)010950KSS-OIL CORP2000-01
Equity (KR)010620KSHYUNDAI MIPO DOC2000-01
Equity (KR)027710KQFARMSTORY CO LTD2000-09
Equity (KR)028260KSSAMSUNG C&T CORP2014-12
Equity (KR)006110KSSAM-A ALUMINUM2000-01
Equity (KR)034730KSSK INC2009-11
Equity (KR)027580KQSANGBO CORP2007-10
Equity (KR)033780KSKT&G CORP2000-01
Equity (KR)006260KSLS CORP2000-01
Equity (KR)161580KQPHILOPTICS2017-06
Equity (KR)196170KQALTEOGEN INC2014-12
Equity (KR)208370KQSELVAS HEALTHCAR2016-09
Equity (KR)365340KQSUNGEEL HITECH2022-07
Equity (KR)003380KQHARIM HOLDINGS C2017-06
Equity (KR)222080KQCREATIVE & INNOV2017-01
Equity (KR)418550KQJEIO CO LTD2023-02
Equity (KR)171090KQSUNIC SYSTEM LTD2017-09
Equity (KR)259960KSKRAFTON INC2021-08
Equity (KR)388050KQG2POWER CO LTD2022-04
Equity (KR)034220KSLG DISPLAY CO LT2004-07
Equity (KR)009900KSMYOUNG SHIN INDU2020-12
Equity (KR)010130KSKOREA ZINC CO2000-01
Equity (KR)011790KSSKC CO LTD2000-01
Equity (KR)222800KQSIMMTECH CO LTD2015-08
Equity (KR)145210KSDYNAMIC DESIGN C2015-03
Equity (KR)010060KSOCI HOLDINGS CO2000-01
Equity (KR)316140KSWOORI FINANCIAL2019-02
Equity (KR)205470KQHUMASIS CO LTD2017-09
Equity (KR)073570KQLITHIUM FOR EART2004-01
Equity (KR)393890KQW-SCOPE CHUNGJU2022-09
Equity (KR)024810KQEHWA TECHNOLOGIE2000-09
Equity (KR)006880KSSINGSONG HOLDING2013-11
Equity (KR)000430KSDAE WON KANG UP2005-09
Equity (KR)086960KQMDS TECH INC2006-09
Equity (KR)348370KQENCHEM CO LTD2021-11
Equity (KR)225570KQNEXON GAMES CO L2017-06
Equity (KR)006740KSYOUNG POONG PAPR2000-01
Equity (KR)329180KSHD HYUNDAI HEAVY2021-09
Equity (KR)086280KSHYUNDAI GLOVIS2005-12
Equity (KR)412350KQLASERSSEL CO LTD2022-06
Equity (KR)012030KSDB INC2000-01
Equity (KR)010660KSCHEON MACHINERY2000-01
Equity (KR)085370KSLUTRONIC CORP2006-07
Equity (KR)006360KSGS ENGINEERING2000-01
Equity (KR)058430KSPOSCO STEELEON C2002-08
Equity (KR)054450KQTELECHIPS2004-12
Equity (KR)030960KQYANGJISA CO LTD2000-09
Equity (KR)273140KSSS KR FRN ETF2017-06
Equity (KR)140410KQMEZZION PHARMA C2012-01
Equity (KR)232830KQSECUCEN CO LTD2023-06
Equity (KR)000810KSSAMSUNG FIRE & M2000-01
Equity (KR)356680KQAXGATE CO LTD2023-04
Equity (KR)046890KQSEOUL SEMICON2002-01
Equity (KR)012860KQMOBASE ELECTRONI2000-09
Equity (KR)011170KSLOTTE CHEMICAL C2000-01
Equity (KR)357870KSTIGER CD SYN ETF0
Equity (KR)219550KQDYD CO LTD2017-02
Equity (KR)234920KQZAIGLE CO LTD2016-09
Equity (KR)277410KQINSAN INC2018-08
Equity (KR)267260KSHD HYUNDAI ELECT2017-05
Equity (KR)250060KQMOBIIS CO LTD2017-03
Equity (KR)250000KQBORATR CO LTD2017-06
Equity (KR)248170KSSEMPIO FOODS2016-08
Equity (KR)229640KSLS CABLE & SYSTE2016-09
Equity (KR)214370KQCAREGEN CO LTD2015-11
Equity (KR)217820KQWONIK PNE CO LTD2015-12
Equity (KR)214450KQPHARMARESEARCH C2015-07
Equity (KR)214150KQCLASSYS INC2017-12
Equity (KR)205100KQEXEM CO LTD2015-06
Equity (KR)204620KQGLOBAL TAX FREE2017-11
Equity (KR)203650KQDREAM SECURITY C2014-10
Equity (KR)196490KQDA TECHNOLOGY CO2014-11
Equity (KR)192820KSCOSMAX INC2014-04
Equity (KR)161890KSKOLMAR KOREA CO2012-10
Equity (KR)149980KQHIRONIC CO LTD2014-12
Equity (KR)079980KSHUVIS CORP2012-02
Equity (KR)145020KQHUGEL INC2015-12
Equity (KR)139480KSE-MART INC2011-06
Equity (KR)136480KQHARIM CO LTD2011-05
Equity (KR)131970KQDOOSAN TESNA INC2013-10
Equity (KR)130660KSKOREA ELECTRONIC2010-12
Equity (KR)128940KSHANMI PHARM CO L2010-07
Equity (KR)123690KSHANKOOK COSMETI2010-06
Equity (KR)120240KQDAEJUNG CHEMICAL2010-12
Equity (KR)120110KSKOLON INDUSTRIES2010-02
Equity (KR)115500KQKOREA COMPUTER &2010-04
Equity (KR)114090KSGRAND KOREA LEIS2009-11
Equity (KR)103590KSILJIN ELECTRIC C2008-08
Equity (KR)099190KQI-SENS INC2013-01
Equity (KR)097950KSCJ CHEIL2007-09
Equity (KR)096610KQRFSEMI TECHNOLOG2007-11
Equity (KR)096530KQSEEGENE INC2010-09
Equity (KR)092070KQDNF CO LTD2007-11
Equity (KR)091160KSSS-KODEX SEMICON2007-01
Equity (KR)091120KQEM-TECH CO LTD2007-05
Equity (KR)087010KQPEPTRON INC2015-07
Equity (KR)085660KQCHABIOTECH CO LT2009-02
Equity (KR)083310KQLOT VACUUM CO2005-10
Equity (KR)081150KQTPLEX CO LTD2009-04
Equity (KR)079810KQDE&T CO LTD2005-01
Equity (KR)079370KQZEUS CO LTD2006-02
Equity (KR)069960KSHYUNDAI DEPT STO2002-11
Equity (KR)068240KQDAWONSYS CO LTD2010-09
Equity (KR)067160KQAFREECATV CO LTD2003-12
Equity (KR)064290KQINTEKPLUS CO LTD2011-01
Equity (KR)065130KQTOP ENGINEERING2003-01
Equity (KR)060590KQCTC BIO INC2002-02
Equity (KR)060480KQKUKIL METAL CO L2014-12
Equity (KR)058470KQLEENO INDUSTRIAL2001-12
Equity (KR)056080KQYUJIN ROBOT CO2001-11
Equity (KR)020150KSLOTTE ENERGY MAT2011-03
Equity (KR)052690KSKEPCO ENGINEERIN2009-12
Equity (KR)052710KQAMOTECH CO LTD2003-08
Equity (KR)049950KQMEERECOMPANY2005-01
Equity (KR)048770KQTPC MECHATRONICS2001-01
Equity (KR)048530KQINTRON BIOTECHNO2011-01
Equity (KR)047560KQESTSOFT CORP2008-07
Equity (KR)046120KQORBITECH CO LTD2010-06
Equity (KR)045100KQHANYANG ENG CO2000-09
Equity (KR)042370KQVITZRO TECH CO2001-08
Equity (KR)040300KQYTN2001-09
Equity (KR)039440KQSYSTEMS TECH2002-02
Equity (KR)039200KQOSCOTEC INC2007-01
Equity (KR)039030KQEO TECHNICS CO2000-09
Equity (KR)037330KQINZI DISPLAY CO2000-10
Equity (KR)035250KSKANGWON LAND INC2001-10
Equity (KR)034230KQPARADISE CO LTD2002-11
Equity (KR)031980KQPSK HOLDINGS INC2000-10
Equity (KR)027050KQCOREANA COSMETIC2000-09
Equity (KR)000240KSHANKOOK & CO2000-01
Equity (KR)000680KSLS NETWORKS CO L2000-01
Equity (KR)001040KSCJ CORP2000-01
Equity (KR)001060KSJW PHARMACEUTICA2005-09
Equity (KR)001120KSLX INTERNATIONAL2000-01
Equity (KR)001440KSTAIHAN ELEC WIRE2000-01
Equity (KR)001450KSHYUNDAI MARINE2000-01
Equity (KR)002240KSKISWIRE LTD2005-09
Equity (KR)002790KSAMOREPACIFIC GRO2000-01
Equity (KR)003060KSAPROGEN BIOLOGIC2000-01
Equity (KR)003230KSSAMYANG FOODS CO2000-01
Equity (KR)003350KSHANKOOK COSMETIC2000-01
Equity (KR)003550KSLG CORP2004-11
Equity (KR)004020KSHYUNDAI STEEL2000-01
Equity (KR)004170KSSHINSEGAE INC2000-01
Equity (KR)004370KSNONGSHIM CO LTD2000-01
Equity (KR)005360KSMONAMI CO LTD2005-09
Equity (KR)005830KSDB INSURANCE CO2000-01
Equity (KR)008930KSHANMI SCIENCE CO2005-09
Equity (KR)010120KSLS ELECTRIC CO L2000-01
Equity (KR)011330KSUNI CHEM CO LTD2000-01
Equity (KR)012320KSKYUNGDONG INVEST2000-01
Equity (KR)012800KSDAECHANG CO LTD2000-01
Equity (KR)013570KSDY CORP2000-01
Equity (KR)014680KSHANSOL CHEMICAL2000-01
Equity (KR)015890KSTAE KYUNG INDUS2000-01
Equity (KR)017800KSHYUNDAI ELEVATOR2000-01
Equity (KR)018260KSSAMSUNG SDS CO2014-08
Equity (KR)018290KQVT CO LTD2000-09
Equity (KR)021050KSSEOWON CO LTD2000-01
Equity (KR)023800KSINZI CONTROLS CO2000-01
Equity (KR)025820KSLEE KU INDUS2000-01
Equity (KR)025980KQANANTI INC2000-10
CryptoCORNUSDTCorn vs USD Token2016-01



Where is your data coming from?
ALGOGENE established real-time direct data feed from various brokers and exchanges.

What data attributes are available?
ALGOGENE supports real-time data stream and historical data query.

timestamp
bid price
ask price
bid size
ask size
bid order book
ask order book
aggregated data ('M','M2','M5','M10','M15','M30','H','H2','H3','H4','H6','H12','D')

open price
high price
low price
close price
volume



How much do you charge?
ALGOGENE provides several monthly subscription data plans to suit for different usage. Interested people please check out the details at this page.

How will I get the data?
ALGOGENE provides the feasibility for you to access the data programmatically. Data can be delivered through WebSocket or REST API. Technical details please refer to https://algogene.com/RestDoc
On the other hand, you can also login ALGOGENE portal and access the data via Juypter Notebook on the platform.













8
0




 Posted on : 2022-01-20 05:03:07.533000





 Email
 Facebook



 5,113













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Link up ALGOGENE with Telegram






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Link up ALGOGENE with Telegram
How it work



This article goes through the steps to link up ALGOGENE with your Telegram app.

What is Telegram?
Telegram is a popular instant messaging application, with 400 million monthly active users as of April 2020. It provides an end-to-end encryption for secret chats, and exchange photos, videos, stickers, audio and files. The apps are available for Android, iOS, Windows Phone, Windows, macOS and GNU/Linux.

What can I do after linking with my ALGOGENE account?
It enables you to manage ALGOGENE's investment bots. For examples,

receive trading signals
place trade instructions
consult and interact with investment bots
more ...


How to link up my account?

Get Telegram apps installed in your device.

Download for Android mobile version from Google Play
Download for iOS version from App Store
Download for desktop version from here

Login ALGOGENE portal (https://algogene.com/login)
Go to [Settings] > [User Profile] > [System Info], press "Connect" Telegram button
Click "OK" in the pop-up

In your Telegram app, press "Start"











3
0




 Posted on : 2022-01-30 02:42:48.887000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,695













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to get historical data before algo starts?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Tommy







How to get historical data before algo starts?
Programming



My strategy needs 1-year of past closing prices to build the tensorflow model. I see the platform processing data in a stream format. Is it possible to get historical data before the algo starts? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-03 04:30:19.937000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,840










 
admin









Hi Tommy, you can use the getHistoricalBar function at def start to collect and initialize your closing price variable.
You can refer to line 13 in the example below.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.arrClose = []
        self.numobs = 5
        self.instrument = "USDJPY"

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)

        # initialize array with historical observations
        obs = self.evt.getHistoricalBar(contract={"instrument":self.instrument}, numOfBar=self.numobs, interval="D")
        self.arrClose = [obs[t]['c'] for t in obs]

        self.evt.start()

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # append new data 
        self.arrClose.append(md.lastPrice)
        self.arrClose = self.arrClose[-self.numobs:]

        # trading logics below ... 







2
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-04 07:21:36.391000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Why PL keeps changing while my position is zero?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Joseph Chang







Why PL keeps changing while my position is zero?
Programming



From my understanding, NAV and "Cumulative PnL" should remain unchanged, if there is no outstanding positions. 
However, from the backtest result (see highlighted below), for certain days when "Net Position" is zero, "Cumulative PnL" is not constant.
I couldn't understand how "Cumulative PnL" is calculated. Could anyone kindly explain it? Thanks you. 









0
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-09 04:38:52.185000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,445










 
tony lam









This issue is related to offsetting trades.
Suppose we opened the following 2 trades:

0.01 lot BUY order (TRADE_ID = 44195803) at 2021-01-08 19:00:36, and 
0.01 lot SELL order (TRADE_ID = 44197289) at 2021-01-08 20:00:38



They are 2 offsetting trades with different trade ID. In terms of daily mark-to-market,

PnL for TRADE_ID=44195803 would be calculated as (MarketBidPrice - 1.21969), 
PnL for TRADE_ID=44197289 would be (1.22133 - MarketAskPrice)

Thus, although the net position is zero, the residual PnL is (MarketBidPrice - MarketAskPrice) which is still subject to the market bid-ask fluctuation. The highlighted part is exactly the market bid-ask that this pair of trades will subject to fluctuate.






1
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-11 14:42:30.768000












 
tony lam









To "freeze" or realize the PnL, we should submit a close order for TRADE_ID = 44195803, instead of opening an offsetting trade. Please refer to section 'Place Order' in technical document


For example, when opening a new order, we can firstly create our own orderRef, say '1'.


When the order is successfully opened (refer to 'OrderFeed'), we can based on the orderRef to create a mapping to the system generated TradeID. Then, we know which TradeID we want to close later.







0
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-11 14:56:47.444000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to change leverage and currency for live test?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
William Cheung







How to change leverage and currency for live test?
Programming



Hello, for the live test account, I would like to change

the base currency to HKD, instead of USD
also the leverage to 10, instead of 5

Where can I update the default settings?





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-18 08:54:50.452000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,966










 
admin









It can only be done for non-broker binded trading account.
Once an ALGOGENE account is binded to a 3rd party broker account, its setting will be synchronized from your broker. To change the setting, you will need to firstly update from your broker account (NOTE: some brokers may not allow to do so), then its setting will be auto-synchronized on ALGOGENE.

For changing the setting for ALGOGENE live simulator, it can be done as follows:

Go to [Settings] > [Live Test Hosting Accounts]

Select an account that has ALGOGENE as the default connection
Click "Reset Account" icon

Update your desired account currency, leverage, etc







1
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-19 02:52:45.754000












 
William Cheung










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
It can only be done for non-broker binded trading account.
Once an ALGOGENE account is binded to a 3rd party broker account, its setting will be synchronized from your broker. To change the setting, you will need to firstly update from your broker account (NOTE: some brokers may not allow to do so), then its setting will be auto-synchronized on ALGOGENE.

For changing the setting for ALGOGENE live simulator, it can be done as follows:

Go to [Settings] > [Live Test Hosting Accounts]

Select an account that has ALGOGENE as the default connection
Click "Reset Account" icon

Update your desired account currency, leverage, etc



thank you!





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-20 04:34:54.124000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect trading account with Exness






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect trading account with Exness
How it work



ALGOGENE now supports users to trade with Exness accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!
Open Exness trading accounts through our partnership link, you will be entitled to HK$300 free credits on ALGOGENE!



This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your Exness trading account (either demo account or real trading account). The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who is Exness?
Exness (https://www.exness.com/) is a retail forex broker founded in 2008, authorized and regulated by European financial regulators CySEC and the FCA. It provides brokerage services for FX, precious metals, Commodities, Cryptos, and Equity CFDs.

Client Onboarding on Exness

Sign up on Exness website
Follow the instruction to verify your email/mobile



Create trading account

Login Exness portal
Go to "MY ACCOUNTS", click "+ Open New Account"




"Account Type" chooses
            	
"Demo" for a demo trading account
"Real" for a real trading account


"Trading Platforms" chooses "MT5"


Choose your desired account "Currency" and "Max. Leverage"
Create your trading password




Get Trading Account Connection Info

After "CREATE" account from previous step, the newly created account will be availiable under "MY ACCOUNTS".
Click the setting icon next to the new account, then click "Account Information"


Get the following info:
    	
Server
MT5 login number
Trading Password (you setup in previous create step)





Config on ALGOGENE

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Choose "Exness" in broker dropdown
Update the connection settings as follows:

"MT5 login number" -> User Name
"Trading Password" -> Your Trading Password
"Server" -> MT5 Server





Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with Exness.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your Exness linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"


Go to [Setting] > [Algo Market] > [My Subscribed Algo Strategy], you should see your subscribed Algo is active in trading for you. You have the feasibility to "Stop copy trade" and "Start copy trade" at any time.



Happy Trading! :)






2
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-20 04:12:41.649000





 Email
 Facebook



 5,185













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | 一文看懂 Web 3.0






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







一文看懂 Web 3.0
Economy & Market



近年, 元宇宙、區塊鏈、NFT、加密貨幣、去中心化等科技概念討論熱度越來越高。 而提及元宇宙, 其中一個必不可少的概念就是 Web 3.0。 不少學者和資訊科技工作者都認為, Web 3.0將會是一場前所未有的科技革命, 在未來能夠為人們的生活帶來更多便利。 今天馬上為大家介紹這Web 3.0 到底會帶來怎樣的革新!

互聯網的歷史
簡單來說, Web 3.0 就是第三代互聯網。 顧名思義, 在Web 3.0之前自然先有Web 1.0和Web 2.0的存在。

Web 1.0 (1900-2005)
在第一代互聯網 Web 1.0中, 網絡是「只讀的」。 這些網頁主要以文本或圖像格式提供資訊, 網站之間沒有太多互動性。 網頁功能基本只可以瀏覽信息, 搜索信息, 收發E-mail之類。 換言之, 用戶只能在互聯網做單向溝通, 完全無法與其他用戶進行互動, 只有作為網站擁有者的開發人員們才能在網站中發放新資訊, 創作新內容。
現時很多公司網站本質上仍是沿用Web 1.0的概念, 只向用戶展示產品或公司資訊。 這些網站是靜態更新的, 與訪客之間的互動甚少, 但好處是網頁體驗流暢, 反應迅速。


Web 2.0 (2005-2020)
隨著技術進步, 第二代互聯網 Web 2.0 發展為「可讀寫」的, 即是我們現今使用的互聯網形式。在這代互聯網中, 用戶不僅限於單向瀏覽和搜索, 他們亦有權利創作內容並上傳網絡。 用戶之間的互動性大大提高, 這使互聯網成為了一個更加緊密的社群。而Web 2.0的初衷也正是使互聯網更加民主, 令用戶更方便獲取自己需要的資訊。
在此環境下, 創作變得容易, 各種應用亦應運而生。 由企業提供獨立、中心化的系統或媒體平台, 例如 Amazon, Facebook, Google, Youtube, 內地的微博, 小紅書, 拼多多等。 這使很多網路公司的盈利模式轉變為追求點擊率從而獲得更多廣告收益。
這也暴露了Web 2.0的弱點: 個人私隱與信息安全。


Web 3.0 (目前處於開端)
第三代互聯網 Web 3.0 的概念是, 讓數據本身依託於開源的數學算法與協議, 不依賴於機構甚至個人。 建於Web 3.0 的應用程式稱為 DApp (Decentralized Application), 強調網路開放而且分散地安全。
Web 3.0 除了「可讀寫」外, 還變成了「可擁有」的。 Web 3.0將會是一個更人性化的互聯網, 在保留Web 2.0用戶間互動性的同時, 亦加強了使用者與互聯網之間的聯繫, 網站會透過使用者的用戶數據學習, 在理解你是誰, 在進一步加強用戶本身的使用數據的鏈接後, 分析你的潛在偏好, 並將你喜愛的內容或需要的資訊推送給你, 整個互聯網變得更加智能化。 除此之外, 使用者或創作者能對自己貢獻的內容保有所有權, 還能獲得一定程度的回報。 私隱方面, 用戶能清楚知道這些數據的用途, 並且具有決策權。


簡單總結一下, Web 1.0是由機構或企業為了吸引用戶而單向發佈內容。 Web 2.0是透過用戶主動在網絡上傳並分享他們的內容, 使互聯網進一步發展。 而Web 3.0就是通過在線應用程式和網站接收互聯網信息, 根據用戶本身的使用記錄, 向用戶提供新的信息或數據。




Web 1.0
Web 2.0
Web 3.0




互動方式 (Interaction)
閱讀
讀寫
讀寫與擁有


媒介 (Medium)
靜態文本
互動內容
虛擬經濟


組織形式 (Organisation)
公司
平台
網絡


基礎設施 (Infrastructure)
個人電腦
雲端與移動設備
區塊鏈雲


控制方式 (Control)
中心化
中心化
去中心化




Web 3.0 的特色
雖然Web 3.0目前仍未有標準定義, 但有一些明顯的組成元素。

去中心化 (Decentralization)

信息不再保存在固定位置/數據中心/機構, 而是分散儲存。 沒有了中心控制點, 用戶數據將不再受科技巨企 (eg. Google, Facebook) 控制, 可以降低網絡攻擊、數據篡改等風險。


連通性與無邊界網絡 (Connectivity and Ubiquity)

借助Web 3.0, 物聯網將發展更快。 令身邊一切事物都可以在線連接, 所有信息和內容變得更加互聯和無處不在。 而不僅僅是像Web 1.0一樣只存在於桌面上, 或像Web 2.0一樣只存在於智能手機上。 愈來愈多日常設備和產品連接到網絡, 不同應用程序可以分析更多的數據。


人工智能 (Artificial Intelligence)

通過Semantic Web (語意網)^ 的概念和自然語言處理的技術, 計算機將能夠像人類一樣理解信息。 Web 3.0更會使用機器學習, 透過數據和演算法來模仿人類的學習方式, 並且愈漸準確。 這些功能不僅限於現時互聯網上的行為定向廣告 (Behavior Targeting Advertising), 未來更有助應用於不同領域。
^語義網絡是利用語義元數據增強數據之間的鏈接, 是網絡深度了解用戶的一個進程。 例如「我愛你」和「我<3你」, 即使語法不同, 但表達的語義相同, 網絡能透過大量語義元數據進一步理解用戶。


去信任化及無權限化 (Trustless and Permissionless)

網絡允許參與者直接交流互動, 而無需通過受信任的中介, 亦不用經過系統管理員/管理機構授權參與。 因此，Web 3.0應用程序將運行在區塊鍊或分散的網絡節點上。



Web 3.0 的缺點和限制

擴展性 (Scalability): 由於使用區塊鏈去中心化的關係, Web 3.0上的交易速度較慢。 任何數據狀態變化, 如支付過程, 都需要上傳至區塊鏈處理, 並更新、傳播到整個網絡。
使用者經驗 (UX): 使用與Web 3.0的應用程序都需要額外的處理步驟、軟件和教學, 這會對短期內的廣泛應用造成障礙。 例如: 現時很多用戶登錄系統, 均以 "電郵+密碼" 組合來設置, 而在 DApp 程序將以加密貨幣錢包 (Crypto Wallet) 作為跨平台的統一身份認證系統。
成本: 區塊鏈每一次數據紀錄都會產生礦工費(gas fee), 因而導致 DApp 的開發與維護成本昂貴。
法律和監管風險 (Regulatory and Compliance): 現時網絡信息(仇恨言論、網絡犯罪、虛假信息) 已難以監管, 在去中心化的結構下將會難上加難。 哪個國家或地區的法律適用於哪些特定網站的內容？立法和執法都會令相關機構和人員無所適從。








3
0




 Posted on : 2022-02-24 06:33:53.653000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,126













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect Trading Account with Binance






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect Trading Account with Binance
How it work




ALGOGENE now supports users to trade with Binance accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!
Open Binance trading accounts through our partnership link, you will be entitled to HK$300 free credits on ALGOGENE!



This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your Binance trading account (either demo account or real trading account). The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who is Binance?
Binance (https://www.binance.com) is currently the largest cryptocurrency exchange in the world in terms of daily trading volume. It was founded in 2017 and is registered in the Cayman Islands. It offers spot and perpetual future trading for over 200 Crypto currencies.

Client Onboarding on Binance

Sign up on Binance website
Follow the instruction to verify your email/mobile



Get trading account info
For Real-Trading account,

Login Binance portal https://accounts.binance.com/
Go to "API Management", 


Label your API name, then click "Create API"


Copy your "API Key" and "Secret Key"


Click "Edit restrictions", check the followings, then "Save"

Enable Reading
Enable Spot & Margin Trading
Enable Future Trading
Enable Vanilla Options
Unrestricted IP access





For demo account,

Login Binance Testnet (https://testnet.binancefuture.com) 
Go to "API Key"


Copy your "API Key" and "Secret Key"



Config on ALGOGENE

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Choose "Binance" in broker dropdown
Update the connection settings as follows:

"API Key" -> Your Binance's API Key
"Password" -> Your Binance's API Secret





Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with Binance.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your Binance linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"


Go to [Setting] > [Algo Market] > [My Subscribed Algo Strategy], you should see your subscribed Algo is active in trading for you. You have the feasibility to "Stop copy trade" and "Start copy trade" at any time.



Happy Trading! :)







9
0




 Posted on : 2022-03-05 06:10:06.962000





 Email
 Facebook



 3,686










 
admin









There are some difference between Binance Testnet and real account. Binance testnet server is reset every day in which all the outstanding position will be closed automatically. Due to this restriction, ALGOGENE users should be aware that trading strategy running on Binance testnet account may behave differently. There are no restrictions in terms of trading product for testnet account. However, for real trading, users should be aware that there are regional restriction on the trading products . For example, Hong Kong and China residents are currently prohibited from derivatives trading (including Perpetual Future and Option) on Binance.Reference:https://dev.binance.vision/t/binance-futures-testnet-settlement-autoclose-order-status-feed/5489https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/25a2571392a24367a7d927bd37ab2b86





1
0




 Posted on : 2022-03-09 02:41:12.434000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Introducing the ALGOGENE Referral Program






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Introducing the ALGOGENE Referral Program
How it work





ALGOGENE Referral Program lets you and your friend both earn a bonus, as soon as your friend (also called "invitee") signs up for an ALGOGENE account using your unique referral link. You can easily monetize your website, blog, or social media platform, and get paid for successful referrals to ALGOGENE.

Who is eligible for the Referral Program?
To promote the development of algo-trading ecosystem, companies or individuals from any countries are eligible to join our Referral Program. From the program, you will be able to make money by introducing clients to ALGOGENE!

How to get start?

You need to firstly register as an ALGOGENE member. If you haven't done so, you can freely register here.

Get your referral link

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to page [Settings] > [Profile] > [System Info]
Click "Create" button to get your unique referral link



For example, your referral link may look like this: https://algogene.com/login?action=createAccount&refer_code=YOUR_REFERRAL_CODE


Copy the link and share it with your friends, in an email, text message, or through your social media channels


Is there limitation on the number of invitee?
No, there is no limit to the number of people you can refer or the amount you can earn. You can refer as many friends as you can. The more people you refer to ALGOGENE, the higher potential income you could earn.

How much can I earn from the program?


When your friends sign-up an ALGOGENE account using your referral link, you both will get HK$200 as a sign-up bonus.
When your invitee purchase any products on ALGOGENE, 15% of the purchased amount will be credited to you.


How do I get the referral bonus?
Your bonus will be accumulated on your ALGOGENE wallet, and you can later withdraw them to your bank account.
To withdraw the bonus, you need to provide your bank account information as follows.

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to [Settings] > [My Wallet] > [Wallet Connection]



Click "Create" button under Stripe, and register your bank account information




When will I receive my referral bonus?
Your bonus will be accumulated on your ALGOGENE wallet. You can withdraw them anytime when the accumulated amount is greater than HK$800.
To withdraw the bonus, you can do it as follows:

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to [Settings] > [My Wallet] > [Wallet Balance]
Click "Withdraw" button



The bank transfer process may take 3-5 business days to complete. There will also be 5% handling fee involved for the bank transfer


How do I check my referral bonus?
When your invitee make a purchase on ALGOGENE, the entitled bonus will immediately be credited to your wallet. You can trace the records as follows:

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to [Settings] > [My Wallet] > [Wallet Transaction]




Can I make a purchase on ALGOGENE using the referral bonus?
Yes, apart from withdrawing the bonus, you can also spend it across ALGOGENE platform.

Do you provide any marketing materials?
Yes, there are various marketing materials available on https://algogene.com/referral#marketing. You are welcome to use it to share with your referral link.






4
0




 Posted on : 2022-03-12 07:46:57.958000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,258













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Automate your trading with Robo-Advisor






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Automate your trading with Robo-Advisor
How it work



This article shows you how to deploy a Robo-Advisor for either live-testing or real-trading, on ALGOGENE platform.


What is a Robo-Advisor?
ALGOGENE Robo-Advisor is a usage scenario for semi-automatic trading. With a Robo-Advisor, it could save your time in continuous monitoring the financial markets and tedious steps of manual trade inputs.

When there are trading signals generated, the investment bot will automatically push the messages to you via

WebSocket, 
Telegram, 
or other communication app (eg. SMS, Whatsapp)

You can then choose to accept or ignore the trading signal by replying the message in your app.
For trade acceptance, the trade signal will then be executed to your personal broker accounts.

The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


What are the benefits of Robo-Advisor over Robo-Trader?

Robo-Trader is for fully automatic trading. Once a trading signal appears, it will be directly executed to your securities account.
Robo-Advisor provides a higher level of user control. You will need to "approve" the trade before the bot executes for you.


What are the disadvantages of Robo-Advisor?
Here are some key notes for your consideration.

Trading Frequency: it might be annoying to keep receiving trading signals from a high-frequent trading bot.
Trading Period: for example, for a US market focused trading bot, a Hong Kong resident would probably miss out some trading signals at your bed time.
Response Time: you may also miss out some trading opportunities for unable to read and reply the trading message on time, due to busy work, exams, meeting, out-of-battery phone, etc


Who are the providers of Robo-Advisors?
The Robo-Advisors could either be 

DIY - developed by yourself, or
Subscribed from a third-party algo providers in ALGOGENE Marketplace


Prerequisites
For real-trading, you are required to link up your ALGOGENE account with a securities account from our supported brokers. Please refer to these posts for the setup if you haven't done so.

Connect Trading Account with Alpaca
Connect Trading Account with Binance
Connect Trading Account with BingX
Connect Trading Account with Bitget
Connect Trading Account with Bybit
Connect Trading Account with Eqonex
Connect Trading Account with Exness
Connect Trading Account with Interactive Brokers
Connect Trading Account with IG
Guideline to use ALGOGENE DLL in MetaTrader
Connect Trading Account with MEXC
Connect Trading Account with OANDA
Connect Trading Account with OKX
Connect Trading Account with Tickmill
Guideline to setup Incoming Webhook Signal with TradingView
Connect Trading Account with WhaleFin

For live-testing, you can either use ALGOGENE for the paper-trading (by default), or connect to demo accounts provided by above brokers.

System Configuration for Robo-Advisor
Suppose you have connected a broker account following the steps in above articles, Robo-Advisor can now be enabled as follows.

Login ALGOGENE portal 
Go to [Settings], then go to [Live Demo] or [Real Trade] depending on your case
Select your connected account, and click icon "Account Config"



In [Run Mode], choose "Robo-Advisor"
In [Communication Device], choose your desired method to receive the trading signal




1. How to deploy DIY Robo-Advisor?
(a) Deploy from a backtested script
For DIY Robo-Advisor, it is highly recommended to backtest your strategy before go-live. It does not only allow you to assess how a strategy would have performed in the past, but also to discover potential logical bugs in your script.
The deployment from backtest is very simple which requires NO code changes. Here are the steps to deploy a backtest script:

Suppose you've already backtested some strategies on ALGOGENE, where you can check it from [My History] as follows.

Now, go to [Settings],

then [Live Test Hosting Accounts] for live-test deployment, or
[Real Trade Hosting Accounts] for real-trade deployment

Select your broker-linked account, and click button "Execute Algo"

Choose your desired backtest script, and click "Execute" button

Verify your action

After passing the verification step, go to [Live Test] or [Real Trade] depending on your case. Your Robo-Advisor is active now!



(b) Deploy from livetest/ real-trade interface
It is feasible for you to write your script entirely from livetest/ real-trade interface. However, we don't recommend you to do so due to potential risk of logic errors. Instead, it will be the case when you want to fine-tune your strategy after deploying from a backtest script. The scripting language and framework are exactly the same to what you have done in backtesting. Here are the steps: 

Go to [Live Test] or [Real Trade] depending on your case
Go to [Account Details], select your linked account and click "Stop Algo"

Now, go to [Account Details] > [Script], re-write or update your trading logics, then press button "Run" (you can refer to Tech Doc for ALGOGENE Web APIs)



(c) Deploy through ALGOGENE REST API
If you want to host your strategy locally rather than on ALGOGENE's cloud, you can also utilize ALGOGENE REST API. Please refer to the REST API Doc for the implementation details. The workflows are summarized below:

Use "Account Configuration" endpoint to link up ALGOGENE with your broker accounts
Use "Orders" endpoints to send orders
Other endpoints to query market data, account balance, inventory, etc

All your algo transaction details executed via REST API will also be real-time synchronized on ALGOGENE's web portal. You can check it from [Live Test] or [Real Trade].

2. How to deploy a subscribed Robo-Advisor?


Explore available Robo-Traders from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
In "Execution Mode", choose "Robo-Advisor"
In "Communication Device", choose your desired method to receive trading signal
Also, select your desired "Deployment Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"



Demo Video





Happy Trading! :)






9
0




 Posted on : 2022-03-19 14:40:45.129000





 Email
 Facebook



 3,155










 
Joseph Chang









only Telegram is supported?  





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-05-19 11:50:38.017000












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Joseph Chang':  
                                        only Telegram is supported?  

So far we support getting trading signals viaTelegramWebsocketMetaTrader DLLMore app integration will be available later. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-12 10:59:20.136000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | What is the winning rate of a trading strategy? 






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Tommy







What is the winning rate of a trading strategy? 
Trading Strategy



Hi community, I have a question about "Wining Rate". I read a lot from different articles and find it confused with its definition. some ppl mentioned it is the percentage of trading day that end up with a gainsome other ppl calculated it as the percentage of winning trades from a round order perspectiveWhat is the correct definition and formula ? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-03-28 09:10:57.272000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,489










 
David










Actually, both definitions are in use in the financial market.

Let's consider this example. Suppose we open a buy order of USDJPY at price 110 on day 0 with take profit level 120 and no stop loss input. Also, suppose the market closing price for the next following days are:




Day
Closing Price
Daily PnL




0
110
0


1
108
-2


2
105
-3


3
104
-1


4
100
-4


5
130
30



Total PnL
20





In this example, this trade has 4 consecutive loss days, but finally ends up with a large gain.

Using trade based definition, as we only have 1 trade which is a profitable trade, so our win rate will be 100%.
However, using the definition of "the percentage of trading day that end up with a gain", the win rate will be calculated as 1/5 = 20%.


Both answers are correct, but just present in different prespectives.







2
0




 Posted on : 2022-04-01 14:06:07.489000












 
tony lam









It's really a good question!
As you already mentioned, there are 2 different definitions in the market. Actually, many investors mix up the 2 concepts, particularly for retails. Intuitively speaking, a high win rate is preferable. However, when comparing the value across different investment funds/ strategies, we need to know whether their calculation methodology is consistent or not.
In fact, as seen from David's example, many poor traders/fund managers usually take the "trade base" approach. For profitable trades, they can close the orders to increase the number of profitable trades. However for losing trades, they will just leave it open and wait for market reverse. As long as the trader doesn't close the losing trade, those losing trade won't be counted toward the win rate calculation. Therefore, it is possible that a trader/fund manager presents a high value of win rate (eg. 90%), but the portfolio doesn't make profit.

Another thing is related to trading system design. For a trade based system (eg. MT4/MT5, etc) where orders are opened/closed as a round order manner, calculating win rate using a trade based approach is possible. However, for some position based trading system (eg. Interactive broker, Binance, etc), round order doesn't exists (eg. buying 10 shares can be unwound by selling 5 shares at 2 different time). Therefore, the trade based calculation is not generally applicable. 

As a personal suggestion, win rate using the "profitable day" concept is more reliable and widely applicable to all kind of trading systems.






2
0




 Posted on : 2022-04-01 16:18:42.834000












 
Ka Ka










Original Posted by - b'David':  

Actually, both definitions are in use in the financial market.

Let's consider this example. Suppose we open a buy order of USDJPY at price 110 on day 0 with take profit level 120 and no stop loss input. Also, suppose the market closing price for the next following days are:




Day
Closing Price
Daily PnL




0
110
0


1
108
-2


2
105
-3


3
104
-1


4
100
-4


5
130
30



Total PnL
20





In this example, this trade has 4 consecutive loss days, but finally ends up with a large gain.

Using trade based definition, as we only have 1 trade which is a profitable trade, so our win rate will be 100%.
However, using the definition of "the percentage of trading day that end up with a gain", the win rate will be calculated as 1/5 = 20%.


Both answers are correct, but just present in different prespectives.


I would to clarify a bit for the calculation using the "winning day" concept. For below time series of daily PNL, +1, 0, -1, +3, +2, -4, 0, +1, +1, +2What will be the correct win rate?  Count only positive number: 6/10 = 60%, or Count non-negative number: 8/10 = 80%





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-04-08 14:14:56.319000












 
tony lam










Original Posted by - b'Ka Ka':  
                                        I would to clarify a bit for the calculation using the "winning day" concept. For below time series of daily PNL, +1, 0, -1, +3, +2, -4, 0, +1, +1, +2What will be the correct win rate?  Count only positive number: 6/10 = 60%, or Count non-negative number: 8/10 = 80%

Simply speaking, win rate counts for profit only (i.e. positive number in the time series). So, 60% is the correct answer. But when you look into it further, you may find an interesting scenario. What if a strategy inactive for long time?The win rate will be decreasing!!! So there is another modified calculation to ignore those inactive or zero PNL days. Then, the win rate will be 6/8 = 75%.





1
0




 Posted on : 2022-04-15 02:34:49.809000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Close price vs Adjusted Close






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Ka Ka







Close price vs Adjusted Close
Economy & Market



For the Adjusted Close in Yahoo Finance, I know that it adjusts the Closing price in order to smooth out the effect of stock dividends, stock split, etc. However, I don't find any documentation how Yahoo comes up with those adjusted value. I am curious how the Adjusted Close price is calculated. Also, am I correct that the concept of "Adjusted Close" is applicable to stock market only? 





1
0




 Posted on : 2022-04-08 14:05:30.790000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,530










 
I can beat Buffett










The adjusted data on Yahoo Finance follows the Center for Research in Security Prices (CRSP) standards.
Here's an example from their article for calculating the split and dividend multipliers.

Multipliers
Split multipliers are determined by the split ratio.
For example:

In a 2 for 1 split, the pre-split data is multiplied by 0.5.
In a 4 for 1 split, the pre-split data is multiplied by 0.25.
In a 1 for 5 reverse split, the pre-split data is multiplied by 5.


Dividend multipliers are calculated based on dividend as a percentage of the price, primarily to avoid negative historical pricing.
For example:

If a $0.08 cash dividend is distributed on Feb 19 (ex- date), and the Feb 18 closing price is $24.96, the pre-dividend data is multiplied by (1-0.08/24.96) = 0.9968.
If a $2.40 cash dividend is distributed on May 12 (ex- date), and the May 11 closing price is $16.51, the pre-dividend data is multiplied by (1-2.40/16.51) = 0.8546.
If a $1.25 cash dividend is distributed on Jan 25 (ex- date), and the Jan 24 closing price is $51.20, the pre-dividend data is multiplied by (1-1.25/51.20) = 0.9756.


Sample calculation
Here's how split and dividend multipliers are calculated and applied to determine adjusted close prices.
The first table shows historical prices and the dates of a split and a dividend. The second table shows the calculations.
The multipliers we'll use are derived from the split and dividend:

Split Multiplier = 0.5
Dividend Multiplier = 1 - (0.08/24.96) = 0.9968


Using these split and dividend multipliers, adjusted close prices are calculated for dates prior to the split and prior to the dividend ex-date.

The close price for 2/16 and 2/17 are adjusted for both the split on 2/18 and the ex-dividend date, 2/21.
The close price for 2/18 through 2/20 are adjusted for the ex-dividend date, 2/21.
The close price for 2/18 through 2/20 don't need adjustment for the split that occurred before close on 2/18.
The close price for 2/21 and 2/22 aren't adjusted because they're after the split and ex-dividend dates.




Date
Close, Dividend, or Split




2/16
Close = 46.99


2/17
Close = 48.30


2/18
Split = 2:1 Close = 24.96


2/19
Close = 24.91


2/20
Close = 24.95


2/21
Dividend = 0.08 (ex-date) Close = 24.53 


2/22
Close = 24.54







Date
Adjusted close calculation




2/16
0.5 * 0.9968 * 46.99 = 23.42


2/17
0.5 * 0.9968 * 48.30 = 24.07


2/18
0.9968 * 24.96 = 24.88


2/19
0.9968 * 24.91 = 24.83


2/20
0.9968 * 24.95 = 24.87


2/21
24.53 


2/22
24.54









1
0




 Posted on : 2022-04-15 02:13:50.168000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | All you need to know about Sharpe Ratio






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







All you need to know about Sharpe Ratio
Quantitative Model



What is Sharpe Ratio?
The Sharpe ratio was developed by William F. Sharpe, a Nobel laureate, to help investors understand the return on an investment in relation to its risk. The ratio measures the return earned in excess of the risk-free rate per unit of volatility or overall risk. It adjusts a portfolio return for the risk taken by the investor, and therefore, Sharpe Ratio is also called Risk-Adjusted Return.

How to calculate Sharpe Ratio?

where

Rp = return of portfolio 
Rf = risk free rate 
σp = volatility of the portfolio's return


In the formula above, 

Portfolio return is an annualized measurement which usually take the averagee of daily return and convert to an annualized return by multipling a factor of 252.
Risk-free rate means the guaranteed return we can get from the financial market regardless of the market fluctuation. It is commonly chosen as the 1-year U.S. Treasury rate, the basic deposit rate from a bank saving account, or simply set to zero.
Volatility is also an annualized measurement. It is calculated from the standard derivation of the portfolio's daily return, and multiply with a square root of 252.
252 is a rough estimation for the total number of trading day for Equity market in a year.


What does Sharpe Ratio tell you?
The higher a portfolio's Sharpe ratio, the better its risk-adjusted performance. If the calculation results in a negative Sharpe ratio, it either means the risk-free rate is greater than the portfolio’s return, or the portfolio's return is expected to be negative. For these case, a negative Sharpe ratio doesn't have useful meanings.
The Sharpe ratio makes performance comparison easy for different portfolio or fund. It helps explain whether a portfolio's excess returns are due to smart investment decisions or a result of high risk. Although a portfolio achieve a higher return than its peers, it is only a good investment if those higher returns do not come with an excess of additional risk.

What is a good Sharpe Ratio?
Let's go back to the Sharpe Ratio formula.


Assume risk-free rate is negligible (i.e. Rf = 0). Suppose we want our Sharpe Ratio to be greater than z. Then, we have
Rp - z*σp > 0

Remember that Rp is the porfolio mean return, and σp is the portfolio return's standard derivation.
This formula looks familiar, right? It is the lower bound of the confidence interval of a normal distribution!


Assume the portfolio return is normally distributed. Then, 

For z = 1, we have 0.5 + 0.6827/2 = 84.14% probability for having positive return in a 1-year horizon.
For z = 2, we have 0.5 + 0.9545/2 = 97.73% probability for having positive return in a 1-year horizon.
For z = 3, we have 0.5 + 0.9973/2 = 99.87% probability for having positive return in a 1-year horizon.


In market practice, Sharpe ratios above 1.0 are generally considered “good," as it would suggest that the portfolio is offering excess returns relative to its volatility.

Limitation of Sharpe Ratio

Sharpe ratio uses the standard deviation of returns in the denominator as proxy of total portfolio risk, which assumes that returns are normally distributed. However, in financial market, returns appear to have fat tail (i.e. statistically speaking high Kurtosis) because of a large number of surprising drops or spikes in prices.
The use of standard deviation of returns as proxy of total risk implies that both positive and negative return are equally "risky". However, positive return is actually favorable to a portfolio. Therefore, there is a modified version (i.e. Sortino Ratio) for using the down side volatility measurement.
Sharpe Ratio can be manipulated by fund manager. For example, the annualized standard deviation of daily returns is generally higher than that of weekly returns which is, in turn, higher than that of monthly returns. A fund manager can lengthen the measurement interval to produce a lower estimate of volatility.








2
0




 Posted on : 2022-04-25 01:20:13.850000





 Email
 Facebook



 2,307










 
Joseph Chang









Sharpe ratio is one the most common measure for investment performance, but I didn't think of the way it link up with normal distribution. Thanks for the inspiration!!! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-05-19 11:47:17.661000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | A trend following strategy based on volatility approach






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
tony lam







A trend following strategy based on volatility approach
Trading Strategy



In this article, we will introduce a simple trend following strategy using a volatility approach.

Volatility Decomposition: Upside vs Downside
Volatility is used to reflect the magnitude of market fluctuation, and it is usually used to observe market sentiment or predict market trends. In financial market, due to the behavior of "Market take the stairs up and the elevator down", the volatility distribution is not symmetric. Therefore, it is necessary to distinguish upside and downside volatility.
In this article, we take the opening price as the benchmark, the fluctuation above the opening price is defined as the upward volatility, otherwise it is the downward volatility. Under normal circumstances, the upward volatility is greater than the downward volatility when the market is in the upward trend, and vice versa in the downward trend.

Calculation
In above definition, the difference between upward and downward volatility is measured as: 

difft := (Hight + Lowt ) / Opent - 2 

To smooth out the short-term fluctuations, a N-day moving average is applied.

Smoothed Difft = (difft + difft-1 + difft-N+1 ) / N 

The market is said to be in an upward trend when the Smoothed Difft is calculated to be positive; and vice versa in a downward trend when its value is negative.

Trading Logic
Suppose we take a 60-day moving average, and apply this strategy to the daily closing price of SP500 Index CFD (i.e. SPXUSD) over the year of 2015.01 - 2016.12

Based on a sliding window approach to collect the previous 250 closing price
Calculate the 60-day MA smoothed volatility difference
Order open conditions:

if we have NO outstanding position,

if the smoothed difference >0, we open a buy order
if the smoothed difference <0, we open a sell order


Order close conditions:

if we have outstanding position,

if we previously submit a buy order and the smooted diff become negative, close the buy order
if we previously submit a sell order and the smooted diff become positive, close the sell order


Repeat the process until the backtest period end


Now, let's write down our trading algorithm step-by-step.
Step 1. Calculate smoothed up/down volatility difference
First of all, we define 'ma_period' and 'symbol' at initialization.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
import pandas as pd

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.ma_period = 60
        self.symbol = "SPXUSD"
        


We use the API function getHistoricalBar to collect historical observations. Then, we use the 'pandas' library to calculate the simple moving average.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # get historical data
        res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar(
            contract={"instrument": self.symbol}, 
            numOfBar=250, 
            interval='D'
        )
        
        # calculate smoothed volatility difference
        diff = [(res[t]['h']+res[t]['l'])/res[t]['o']-2  for t in res]
        diff_ma = pd.Series(diff).rolling(self.ma_period).mean()
    
        # extract the current diff_ma value        
        signal = diff_ma[self.ma_period-1]
        
        # print result to console 
        self.evt.consoleLog(md.timestamp, signal)
        


Step 2. Order Entry Conditions
We create a function 'open_order' to handle order submissions.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9    def open_order(self, buysell):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
            instrument = self.symbol,
            openclose = 'open', 
            buysell = buysell,    #1=buy, -1=sell
            ordertype = 0,  #0=market, 1=limit
            volume = 0.01
        )
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)


Now, we update the system's function 'on_marketdatafeed' for order open logic. We will use the API function 'getSystemOrders()' to get our outstanding order inventory. (refer to line #20 - #33 below)
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # get historical data
        res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar(
            contract={"instrument": self.symbol}, 
            numOfBar=250, 
            interval='D'
        )
        
        # calculate smoothed volatility difference
        diff = [(res[t]['h']+res[t]['l'])/res[t]['o']-2  for t in res]
        diff_ma = pd.Series(diff).rolling(self.ma_period).mean()
    
        # extract the current diff_ma value        
        signal = diff_ma[self.ma_period-1]
        
        # print result to console 
        self.evt.consoleLog(md.timestamp, signal)
        
        
        # get current order inventory
        positions, osOrders, _ = self.evt.getSystemOrders()
        pos = positions[self.symbol]["netVolume"]
        
        # open order condition
        if pos==0:
            
            # open buy order
            if signal > 0:
                self.open_order(buysell=1)
                                
            # open sell order
            elif signal < 0:
                self.open_order(buysell=-1)


Step 3. Order Close Condition
We continue to update the system's function 'on_marketdatafeed' for close order logic (refer to line #36 - #54 below).
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # get historical data
        res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar(
            contract={"instrument": self.symbol}, 
            numOfBar=250, 
            interval='D'
        )
        
        # calculate smoothed volatility difference
        diff = [(res[t]['h']+res[t]['l'])/res[t]['o']-2  for t in res]
        diff_ma = pd.Series(diff).rolling(self.ma_period).mean()
    
        # extract the current diff_ma value        
        signal = diff_ma[self.ma_period-1]
        
        # print result to console 
        self.evt.consoleLog(md.timestamp, signal)
        
        
        # get current order inventory
        positions, osOrders, _ = self.evt.getSystemOrders()
        pos = positions[self.symbol]["netVolume"]
        
        # open order condition
        if pos==0:
            
            # open buy order
            if signal > 0:
                self.open_order(buysell=1)
                                
            # open sell order
            elif signal < 0:
                self.open_order(buysell=-1)

        
        # close order condition
        else:
            isClose = False
            
            # outstanding position > 0 and signal < 0
            if pos>0 and signal<0:
                isClose = True
            # outstanding position < 0 and signal > 0
            elif pos<0 and signal>0:
                isClose = True
            
            # close all outstanding trade
            if isClose:
                for tradeID in osOrders:
                    order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                        tradeID=tradeID,
                        openclose = 'close'
                    )
                    self.evt.sendOrder(order)


Full Source Code
Combining all above, the full script is presented below.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
import pandas as pd

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.ma_period = 60
        self.symbol = "SPXUSD"
        
    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()
        
    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # get historical data
        res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar(
            contract={"instrument": self.symbol}, 
            numOfBar=250, 
            interval='D'
        )
        
        # calculate smoothed volatility difference
        diff = [(res[t]['h']+res[t]['l'])/res[t]['o']-2  for t in res]
        diff_ma = pd.Series(diff).rolling(self.ma_period).mean()
    
        # extract the current diff_ma value        
        signal = diff_ma[self.ma_period-1]
        
        # print result to console 
        self.evt.consoleLog(md.timestamp, signal)
        
        
        # get current order inventory
        positions, osOrders, _ = self.evt.getSystemOrders()
        pos = positions[self.symbol]["netVolume"]
        
        # open order condition
        if pos==0:
            
            # open buy order
            if signal > 0:
                self.open_order(buysell=1)
                                
            # open sell order
            elif signal < 0:
                self.open_order(buysell=-1)

        
        # close order condition
        else:
            isClose = False
            
            # outstanding position > 0 and signal < 0
            if pos>0 and signal<0:
                isClose = True
            # outstanding position < 0 and signal > 0
            elif pos<0 and signal>0:
                isClose = True
            
            # close all outstanding trade
            if isClose:
                for tradeID in osOrders:
                    order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                        tradeID=tradeID,
                        openclose = 'close'
                    )
                    self.evt.sendOrder(order)
                    

    def open_order(self, buysell):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
            instrument = self.symbol,
            openclose = 'open', 
            buysell = buysell,    #1=buy, -1=sell
            ordertype = 0,  #0=market, 1=limit
            volume = 0.01
        )
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)


Results
Now, we are prepared to backtest this strategy.
Backtest Settings:

Instrument: SPXUSD
Period: 2015.01 - 2016.12
Initial Capital: US$10,000
Data Interval: 1-day bar
Leverage: 1
Allow Shortsell: True


Backtest Result:


Final Thoughts
The result above does not perform well. Below are some ideas to improve this trading strategy:

The current entry condition solely based on a non-zero smoothed value which is easy to trigger. Filter the value by a certain threshold may increase the trend signal's accuracy.
Adding take profit/ stop loss level may be helpful to cut lost/gain earlier.
The MA period in this example is taken to be 60-day. Different smoothing period could be more appropriate.



Like and follow me
If you find my articles inspiring, like this post and follow me here to receive my latest updates.
Enter my promote code "AjpQDMOSmzG2" for any purchase on ALGOGENE, you will automatically get 5% discount.







7
0




 Posted on : 2022-05-09 07:05:19.367000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,814













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | AlgoBot partners with coding lab Algogene for code-to-earn






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







AlgoBot partners with coding lab Algogene for code-to-earn
How it work





AlgoBot unveiled the partnership with Algogene for code-to-earn. What does this partnership aim to achieve?

As an algorithmic trading ecosystem to match outstanding algorithms with licensed financial institutions, AlgoBot could increase the supply of algorithms from this collaboration. Algorithms are the starting points while becoming financial end products to investors are the lower stream of the industry.

Code-to-earn is the first ever concept relating to coding, algo trading, and tokenomics. It is to incentivise algo creators to develop good algorithms. AlgoBot marketplace went live to connect with the first coding research lab partner Algogene. Algo creators could write code in Algogene and submit the algorithm to the AlgoBot marketplace. Then, the algorithm’s performance is evaluated, given an overall score, and live tests using the algorithm can be conducted for months. In order to earn a token, creators need to pass two assessments: overall score and live test. Overall score is the performance of an algo judged by six factors: activeness, predictability, robustness, consistency, profitability, and recovery.

AlgoBot will run the algo using live data feed and update the algo’s return, performance statistics, and score on a daily basis. Algo creator is eligible to receive token rewards after a 2-month live test with an overall score over the threshold. In addition to token rewards, algo creators are entitled to revenue split from automated copy trade after partnering with financial institutions.

The ultimate goal of code-to-earn is to democratize the algo trading industry and increase the mobility of intelligence, hence creating financial freedom. The blockchain records the transaction time and details in real time, and its immutable characteristics can act as third-party audits to confirm the effectiveness of the algorithm. The encryption and traceability of the algorithm by NFT protects the intellectual property rights of programmers, while allowing investors to identify the origin of the algorithm to enhance investment confidence. The trading algorithm in NFT is creating a new era of automated and decentralized asset management.

About Algogene
ALGOGENE is the first coding lab in Hong Kong for learning, developing, testing and executing quantitative investment strategy. It is also a 3 patents awarded data driven investment company, leveraging information and computational advantages of Big Data and AI for algorithmic trading. 
Official Web: https://algogene.com

About Algobot
AlgoBot is a disruptive tech company that aims to build a learning hub that provides online education about programming and developing algorithms. Moving forward, AlgoBot is positioned to become the leading company for Code-To-Earn and Learn-To-Earn business models.
Official Web: https://algobot.hk

#code2earn #algotrading #algogene #future #innovation #network






3
0




 Posted on : 2022-05-10 03:08:16.259000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,588













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Initial capital is missing in livetest?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Joseph Chang







Initial capital is missing in livetest?
Programming



I can set "initial capital" for backtest, but I can't where to set it for livetest. How can I reset the capital for live simulation? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-05-19 11:42:43.217000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,285










 
admin









Hi Joseph, we intentionally hidden that field. For live environment, "Initial capital" doesn't have much meaning.If you connected to a broker account, it will just be the initial snapshot NAV. Any subsequent deposits/withdrawals will be synchronised to our system for performance calculation.If you refer to live simulation using our real time feed, you can adjust the account balance in "Settings" > "Live Demo" > "Account Config".





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-05-21 14:53:20.836000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | 投資懶人包 - 5分鐘看懂 NFT






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







投資懶人包 - 5分鐘看懂 NFT
Economy & Market



「NFT」一詞在近年的討論熱度持續攀升, 到底 NFT 是甚麼什麼? NFT幣、 NFT交易平台、 NFT藝術品、 甚至是與元宇宙有什麼關係? NFT 到底是炒作還是有其投資價值?
一些專家說，NFT 是一個即將爆破的泡沫，就像千禧年代的互聯網熱潮一樣。 其他人則認為 NFT 將繼續存在, 而且將改變過往的藝術投資方式。
今天, 小編馬上為大家介紹 NFT 的入門資訊!

NFT 是甚麼?
NFT 全名為 Non-fungible token, 中文稱為「非同質化代幣」。 NFT 是一種數字資產, 與比特幣 (Bitcoin), 以太幣 (Ethereum) 等都屬加密貨幣的一種。 其實 NFT 早在 2014年就已經存在，但近年 NFT 越來越火熱，是因為它提供一種全新買賣數字藝術品的方式。 僅在 2021年，NFT 市場的價值就達到了驚人的 410 億美元，接近全球藝術市場的總價值。
NFT 可以代表現實或虛擬世界的東西, 包括藝術品、音樂、遊戲物品和視頻等。 通常以單一或有限數量方式發售, 並且每一個 NFT 都具有唯一的識別碼。 因此在本質上, NFT 創造了稀缺性。 這與大多數近乎無限供應的數字創作形成鮮明對比。 在一定需求下，有限度供應能夠大大提高資產的價值。
另外, NFT 一般只在線上以加密貨幣來交付, 因此更能保障買賣雙方的私隠。

NFT 價值在哪?
在發展初期, 很多 NFT 其實已在其他地方以某種形式存在, 例如 Youtube 上的視頻剪輯, 或在 Instagram 上流傳的圖片等。 任何人都可以在網絡上免費查看, 複製, 甚至是整個下載。 那麼, 為什麼人們還願意花數百萬美元購買可以輕鬆截屏或下載的東西呢?
原因是 NFT 內置身份驗證機制, 為買家提供擁有權的證明, 以確定該買家為原始作品的唯一擁有人。 收藏家對這種「數字資產擁有權」的重視程度遠超於作品本身。

NFT 與加密貨幣的分別
NFT 與加密貨幣一樣, 例如比特幣或以太坊, 都用到相同的編程方式來建造, 但兩者的相似之處僅此而已。
法定貨幣和加密貨幣是「可替代的」, 意味著它們可以相互交易或交換。 它們的價值也是相等的: 一美元硬幣和另一美元硬幣的價值是相等的; 一個比特幣與另一個比特幣的價值也是相同的。 這種可替代性使加密貨幣成為在區塊鏈上可信賴的交易方式。
相對來說, 每個 NFT 都有唯一的數字簽名，使得 NFT 之間無法互相交換或相等。 因此, NFT 是不可替代的。

NFT 有什麼用途?
區塊鏈和 NFT 技術為藝術家和內容創作者提供了一個蔪新橂式, 來發售他們的作品。 藝術家不再需要依靠畫廊或拍賣行來出售他們的藝術品。 相反, 藝術家可以將其製作為 NFT 直接出售給買家, 以增加利潤及市場流通性。 此外, 藝術家可以自行制定版權機制, 這樣每當他們的藝術品轉售給新買家時，他們可獲得銷售額的一定比例收益。 這是 NFT 的一大特點, 因為以往藝術家在作品首次售出後, 將無法獲得未來的轉售收益。
NFT 的應用絕不限於音樂, 畫作等傳統藝術作品。 例如: ALGOGENE 協辦的 「全球大學生外匯演算交易大賽2021」, 是全球首創, 以 NFT 方式保存優勝隊伍的交易策略源始碼, 業界稱之為 Algo NFT。 (Opensea 上查看)


一方面能在區塊鏈上追查該算法策略的開發者, 為他們提供了知識產權的保護; 另一方面, Algo NFT 除了收藏價值之外, 亦具備實用功能。 NFT 買家能夠使用該 NFT 保存的冠軍交易算法來自動操盤! 登錄 AlgoBot平台, 先連接自己的交易帳戶 (如 Interactive Brokers, Binance 等), 每當交易算法出現交易訊號時, 便會自動執行至 NFT買家的交易帳戶。
這就是全球首創 - 元宇宙虛擬資產管理橂式 (Virtual Asset Management in the Metaverse)!

總結
NFT 屬加密貨幣的一種, 但有着以下兩個基本概念區分:




同質化代幣 (Fungible Token)
非同質化代幣 (Non-Fungible Token) (NFT)




獨特性
與一般貨幣的理解相似: 每個同種類的代幣價值都是一樣, 就好像每個1元硬幣的幣值都是相等, 沒有獨特性。
每個 NFT 因為有獨特的數字簽署而獨一無二, 使其價值有如藝術品一樣, 會因應其稀有度或其他特性而變化, 沒有統一價值。


可分割性
同種類同質化代幣的價值都是一樣，因此可分割或拆細使用。 假設1枚比特幣的市值是 US$30,000, 在交易時是可將它分割為0.01個比特幣, 即價值 US$300, 以方便交易
NFT不能分割交易。 其價值以個體計算。




NFT 技術方興未艾, 可以保障內容創作者的知識產權, 還提供自行版權制定, 營銷方式等便利。 NFT 的應用將會大大促進藝術市場的經濟效益。 而衡量一個 NFT 的價值, 除了收藏性外, 該NFT 能給予的附帶功能亦是關鍵因素。







5
0




 Posted on : 2022-06-05 07:16:57.058000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,400










 
Jeremy









Most NFTs nowsday are still profile pricture with no usage behind! Let's keep an eye how the NFT market evolve. Btw, I am a fans of your Robo-Trader NFT. 🤩🤩🤩The concept is really cool and I believe it will be a disruptive business model for the future asset management industry!





1
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-25 11:55:14.672199












 
Henry Tsai










Original Posted by - b'Jeremy':  
                                        Most NFTs nowsday are still profile pricture with no usage behind! Let's keep an eye how the NFT market evolve. Btw, I am a fans of your Robo-Trader NFT. 🤩🤩🤩The concept is really cool and I believe it will be a disruptive business model for the future asset management industry!

Do you buy the DeepNet NFT? I see it is listed at 0.5 ETH currently.As ETH is very cheap now, I am also considering to buy one. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-25 15:38:26.481808















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guideline for trade size scaling






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guideline for trade size scaling
How it work



Overview
In ALGOGENE Marketplace, you can subscribe various strategies, and decide how the signal volume is scaled while being copied to your trading account.

The following scaling modes are currently supported:

Scaled by Equity Ratio (default)
Fixed Lot
Multiple of Equity Ratio


What are the difference?
(A) Scaled by Equity Ratio
It is the default system setting. The trade volume is scaled according to balance so that trade risk on the subscriber's account is the same as that of the master account.
For example, you subscribed strategy A and trade for a broker account with US$2,000 deposit. On the other hand, strategy A's account is trading at US$10,000 balance.

Investor’s equity / Strategy equity = 2000/10000 = 0.2

It means that every position opened on your account will be 0.2x the size of the position opened from strategy A.

(B) Fixed Lot
It sets to trade at a fixed lot size for all signals received.

(C) Multiple of Equity Ratio
It trades at a muliple of the Equity Ratio Scaling.
Using the same example above, the default equity ratio scale is 0.2. Suppose you now set a multiplier of 3. Then, every position opened on your account will be 0.2*3 = 0.6x the size of position opened from the master strategy.

How to configurate?
In case you want to override the default behaviour, you can specify the setting as follows:

login ALGOGENE portal
go to [Settings] > [Algo Market]
Under the section "My Subscribed Algo Strategy", locate your subscribed algo then click "Config copy trade"



Override the current setting and click "Update".



After that, the new trade size scaling will apply to subsequent signals received.


Final Reminders

Updating the trade size will have no effect to previously executed orders. Before applying the new scaling, you may consider to close all oustanding positions first.
Adjusting the trade size may scale up your profit, but it can also magnify the potential loss. Please act and trade responsibly at your own risk!







2
0




 Posted on : 2022-06-29 06:59:05.498000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,192













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guideline to use ALGOGENE DLL in MetaTrader






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guideline to use ALGOGENE DLL in MetaTrader
Programming



We are pleased to announce that ALGOGENE is now available as a plugin for MetaTrader (MT4 and MT5)!



Overview
ALGOGENE developed dynamic linked libraries (DLL) that can be easily imported in your local machine. With the library, it allows you to interact between MetaTrader and ALGOGENE's resources. The DLL is currently available as 

32 bit version: Algogene_x86.dll
64 bit version: Algogene_x64.dll


What is it used for?

To enable users to subscribe and obtain trading signals from ALGOGENE's trading bots
To allow users to publish and distribute trading signals from your local MetaTrader onto ALGOGENE platform for advanced analysis


Set up MetaTrader
Github Download: https://github.com/algogene-fintech/metatrader_dll

Download above repository to your local machine

For MT4 user, please go to /MetaTrader4_DLL
For MT5 user, please go to /MetaTrader5_DLL

In your MetaTrader terminal, open "MetaQuote Language Editor"


Copy Algogene_x64.dll (or Algogene_x86.dll if you are using MT4) to your MetaTrader's Library folder


Copy AlgogeneMT5.mqh (or AlgogeneMT4.mqh if you are using MT4)  to your MetaTrader's Include folder
Open the header file AlgogeneMT4.mqh, update your DLL path, and then compile the script


Copy the 3 sample files to your MetaTrader's ExpertAdvisors folder
    	
AlgogeneGetSignal.mq5
AlgogeneOpenOrder.mq5
AlgogeneCloseOrder.mq5


For the ExpertAdvisors, update your ALGOGENE's account info accordingly




Finally, in your MetaTrader, enable "Auto Trading" and "Allow DLL imports" under Tools > Options > ExpertAdvisors




Functionalities
Get Trading Signals from Algogene

"AG_WebSocket" is a class for establishing a websocket connection with Algogene's server
"AG_Signal" configures the structure of signals received from the server, whereas users can print the full trading signals by calling "printSignal()"
Extract/Access information from signal by accessing the data members of "AG_Signal" instance
Below are all the information/ data members available in a trading signal

msg
timestamp
symbol
buysell
openclose
ordertype
quantity
takeProfitLevel
stopLossLevel
price
timeinforce
holdtime
tradeID

With the spontaneous extraction of details of the obtained trading signals, users can place orders in a convenient manner
Refer to AlgogeneGetSignal for relevant examples


Publish Trading Signals to Algogene

AG_Order defines the structure of an order with the following fields available for users to input

instrument (required)
expiry
right
strike
buysell
volume
ordertype
price
orderRef
timeinforce
takeProfitLevel
stopLosslevel
holdtime
callback


Publish Open Order Signals

After doing OrderSend on MetaTrader, users can record their transactions on Algogene's platform by calling "openOrder()"
Refer to AlgogeneOpenOrder for relevant examples


Publish Close Order Signals

After doing OrderClose on MetaTrader, users can record their transactions on Algogene's platform by calling "closeOrder()"
Refer to AlgogeneCloseOrder for relevant examples



References

AG_Websocket connects to Algogene's Trade History Channel: https://algogene.com/RestDoc#/schemas/WebSocket-Trade
Open order function calls Algogene's REST API: https://algogene.com/RestDoc#/operations/post-open_order
Close order function calls Algogene's REST API: https://algogene.com/RestDoc#/operations/post-close_orders







9
0




 Posted on : 2022-07-08 16:07:03.445000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,816










 
David









Hi algogene team, the trading signal function is very nice and useful to automate my MT5 account.  However, I have a few questions below: What are the available "bot_id" I can input?Where can I check the details about a particular "bot_id"? (eg. what is it trading on? past performance? etc)





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-07-09 11:16:38.160000












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'David':  
                                        Hi algogene team, the trading signal function is very nice and useful to automate my MT5 account.  However, I have a few questions below: What are the available "bot_id" I can input?Where can I check the details about a particular "bot_id"? (eg. what is it trading on? past performance? etc)

Hi David, bot_id and its trading details can be referred to our Algo Marketplace (eg. https://algogene.com/marketplace/algo/1 ). Upon valid subscription of a trading bot, you can then input the bot_id in MetaTrader's Expert Advisor and get its real-time trading signals from the terminal. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-07-18 02:40:25.793000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Invest like a professional with Portfolio Builder






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Invest like a professional with Portfolio Builder
How it work



What is an Investment Portfolio?
In financial market, a portfolio generally refers to a collection of financial investments, such as bonds, stocks, commodities, etc. In fact, a portfolio can also include any tradable assets like real estate, art and private investments.

Why we need a portfolio?
The key concept in portfolio management is about diversification. It simply means not to put all your eggs in one basket.
Diversification tries to reduce risks by allocating investments across different

financial instrument
industry
asset class
region
trading strategy

By investing in different areas, the underlying is expected to react differently to the same event and therefore the overall risk could be reduced.

What is portfolio allocation?
You may think of portfolio allocation as a pie divided into pieces of varying sizes. Each piece represents a different type of investment.
Investors aim to construct a well-diversified portfolio to achieve a risk-return balanced allocation that is appropriate for their risk tolerance level.



What to consider for constructing my portfolio?
There are many ways for portfolio allocation or diversification. Your target return, risk appetite, and financial constriants are all factors in deciding how to build your portfolio.

What ALGOGENE can help?
Our award winning Portfolio Builder allows you to construct, analyze and optimize your investment portfolio!



It supports various optimization methods under dynamic constraints, including:

Minimize Total Risk
Maximize Sharpe
Maximize Sortino
Minimize Tail Risk
Risk Parity Diversification


Where can I get start?

login ALGOGENE portal
go to [Market Analysis] > [Portfolio Optimizer]
specify the 
		
analysis horizon
investment asset or algo strategy
financial constrainsts
optimization method


Compute result and that's it!




How much it cost?
Registered users are eligible for the free tier. If you are looking for more advanced analytics, please refer to https://algogene.com/services#divServicesPortfolio

Conclusion

Portfolio is an effective way to diversify investment risk!
A portfolio is usually for long term investment, but please keep in mind that analysis based on historical results doesn't gurantee for future performance. Structural market changes might require portfolio rebalancing.
ALGOGENE has already simplified the complexity for portfolio analysis. What left for you is to decide your own investment scope, risk level, financial constriants and perference.


Demo Video




Happy Trading! :)






7
0




 Posted on : 2022-07-23 15:46:06.041000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,478













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to deploy model from Juypter Notebook?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Donald







How to deploy model from Juypter Notebook?
Programming



Following this post, I have trained a model using the online Juypter Notebook. My question is how can I deploy the model for backtest? I also read this post, but I don't find how to save my model from Juypter Notebook to "/lib"?Any further guidance from the community will be helpful! 





1
0




 Posted on : 2022-07-29 02:21:03.717000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,544










 
admin









Hi Donald, suppose we built a SVC model in the online Jupyter Notebook, it can done as follows:

1. Save model to your library directory (refer to line #10-14)



 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14from sklearn.svm import SVC
from joblib import dump, load
import os

x = [[2,3,1],[4,6,3]]
y = [1,0]
clf = SVC()
clf.fit(x, y)

# get my /lib directory
pathlib = os.path.dirname(os.getcwd())+"/lib"

# save model to /lib/model_2.m
dump(clf, pathlib+"/model_2.m")


2. Execute the code above, "model_2.m" will then be dumped to your cloud directory /lib.



3. Go to "backtest", load your model from "self.evt.path_lib" (refer to line #15). After that, the model can be used for prediction throughout the backtest process (refer to line #23-25).
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from sklearn.svm import SVC
from joblib import dump, load


class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        pass

    def start(self, mEvt):
        # start backtest
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)

        # load my model_2.m
        self.model = joblib.load(self.evt.path_lib+"model_2.m")

        self.evt.start()

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # use self.model for new market data feed ...

        # model test dataset and print result
        x_test = [[1,2,3],[4,5,6]]
        result = self.model.predict(x_test)
        self.evt.consoleLog(result)

        pass







1
0




 Posted on : 2022-07-29 08:49:08.309000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to get historical data (crypto algo competition)






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Nicholas Tan Yi Da







How to get historical data (crypto algo competition)
Programming



Hi, I tried to use the getHistoricalBar to retrieve past price data based on the tech docs, but it doesnt work, got some missing evt or mevt error.Below is the one I tried based on the tech docs"""class AlgoEvent:    def __init__(self,mEvt):        pass            def start(self):        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)        self.evt.start()    def retrieve_data(self):        mkt_data = pd.DataFrame(columns = ['close_time', 'close_bid', 'close_ask','close_mid','open_mid','open_high','open_low','close_mid','volume'])        contract = {"instrument": 'BTCUSD'}        numOfBar = 105216        interval ='M15'        timestamp = datetime(2020,1,1,0,0,0)        res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar(contract, numOfBar, interval, timestamp)        for t in res:            mkt_data.append([res[t],res[t]['b'],res[t]['a'],res[t]['m'],res[t]['o'],res[t]['h'],res[t]['l'],res[t]['c'],res[t]['v']])                return mkt_data"""Tried to do another way but it also didnt work. Can someone help me with this?Another way i tried:"""def retrieve_data():        mkt_data = pd.DataFrame(columns = ['close_time', 'close_bid', 'close_ask','close_mid','open_mid','open_high','open_low','close_mid','volume'])        contract = {"instrument": 'BTCUSD'}        numOfBar = 105216        interval ='M15'        timestamp = datetime(2020,1,1,0,0,0)                res = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler().start(mEvt).getHistoricalBar(contract, numOfBar, interval, timestamp)        for t in res:            mkt_data.append([res[t],res[t]['b'],res[t]['a'],res[t]['m'],res[t]['o'],res[t]['h'],res[t]['l'],res[t]['c'],res[t]['v']])                return mkt_data"""





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-03 14:37:23.525000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,158










 
Nicholas Tan Yi Da









tried to do it within jupyter notebook, wanted to do some data analysis





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-03 14:42:38.009000












 
Bumblebee









Do you run these codes in [Backtest] or in Jupyter Notebook? I tested for 1 minute bar in [Backtest] and it works well. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-04 03:20:29.266000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Question about market data






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Minseok Choi







Question about market data
Programming



Hello, I am now studying to be aware of Algogene's backtesting engine. I run this code and the result shows this result.<CODE>class AlgoEvent:    def __init__(self):        self.timer = datetime(1970, 1, 1)        self.rsi_period = 14        self.instrument = ""            def start(self, mEvt):        self.instrument = mEvt["subscribeList"][0]                self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)        self.evt.start()            def on_bulkdatafeed(self, isSync, bd, ab):        pass    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):        if md.timestamp >= self.timer + timedelta(hours=24):            #Update timeer            self.timer = md.timestamp                        #get last 14 closing price            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar({"instrument":self.instrument}, self.rsi_period+1, "D")            self.evt.consoleLog("historical bar = ", res)<RESULT>One of the results is:('2019-01-01 00:00:00', {'t': '2019-01-01 00:00:00', 'o': 3591.4, 'h': 3960.6, 'l': 3576.0, 'c': 3835.4, 'b': 3810.4, 'a': 3860.4, 'm': 3835.4, 'v': 8452.0, 'instrument': 'BTCUSD', 'expiry': '', 'right': '', 'strike': 0, 'symbol': 'BTCUSD', 'bb': [], 'ab': []})])So, it shows that the open price of BTCUSD was 3591.4 on 2019-01-01. However, I think the actual data is not equal to the result. In this engine, isn't it based on actual data? Or if there are errors in my code, please let me know.Thank you in advance for your help and good luck with the competition!





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-07 12:25:54.002000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,258










 
William Cheung









Do you mean you think the open price on 2019-01-01 is not 3591.4? Can you provide more info the data source you are referencing? As crypto is a decentralized market, the market price can be different between different exchanges. I checked the result for Coinbase which is more or less the same. I guess algogene team is taking average from multiple exchanges. Good luck with the competition! 







1
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-08 07:34:37.807000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Question about close prices in function data and market data






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Hyunjun Yoo







Question about close prices in function data and market data
Programming



Hello, I have a confuse with difference between close price data in getHistoricalBar function and close price data in market data. I just tried to make a code to get RSI. But there was a quite big difference between real RSI data and mine. So I checked the close price data of each day. I found that there is a difference between the market data and function data. For example,  I set the settings like this. And I use the getHistoricalBar function like this to get close price.close_prices = self.evt.getHistoricalBar({"instrument":self.myinstrument}, self.period+1, "D")Start period : 2020-12End period : 2020-12Data Interval  : 1 dayBase Currency : USDInstruments : BTCUSDFirst, I get the close price 18208 in 2020-12-01. But in market analysis, this close price is in 2020-11-29. So there is a difference of about two days between the data. So, I just want to know why there is a difference.Second, while following the close price, we found that the close price in the market data is not in the function data. This is the close price I got. As you can see in this picture, there is no close price in 2020-12-05.But in market analysis, the close price for that day is 18673. There seems to be a big difference in the value of RSI due to omitted data. What's wrong with these problems?





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-11 15:45:36.360000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,192










 
admin









It is related to the representation of timestamp for candles.
For many stock charts (eg. Yahoo Finance, TradingView, etc), timestamp usually refers to the opening time of a bar.
For example, this bar summarizes the price information from 1-Dec-2020 00:00:00 to 1-Dec-2020 23:59:59.



time: 1-Dec-2020
open price: 19699.92
high price: 19892.44
low price: 18119.00
close price: 18791.58


However, as mentioned in Tech Doc, ALGOGENE implemented "getHistoricalBar" using the closing time of a bar to prevent front-running problem.


Therefore, when we conduct backtest/ live-trading on the platform, 




We can observe the full day info for 1-Dec only when the backtest time proceed to 2-Dec. Also, we should refer to the data with timestamp 2-Dec-2020 to compare with the chart above.

time: 2-Dec-2020
open price: 19702.2
high price: 19919.3
low price: 18107.8
close price: 18779.5







0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-12 08:45:44.628000












 
Hyunjun Yoo










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
It is related to the representation of timestamp for candles.
For many stock charts (eg. Yahoo Finance, TradingView, etc), timestamp usually refers to the opening time of a bar.
For example, this bar summarizes the price information from 1-Dec-2020 00:00:00 to 1-Dec-2020 23:59:59.



time: 1-Dec-2020
open price: 19699.92
high price: 19892.44
low price: 18119.00
close price: 18791.58


However, as mentioned in Tech Doc, ALGOGENE implemented "getHistoricalBar" using the closing time of a bar to prevent front-running problem.


Therefore, when we conduct backtest/ live-trading on the platform, 




We can observe the full day info for 1-Dec only when the backtest time proceed to 2-Dec. Also, we should refer to the data with timestamp 2-Dec-2020 to compare with the chart above.

time: 2-Dec-2020
open price: 19702.2
high price: 19919.3
low price: 18107.8
close price: 18779.5



Thank you for replying. I understand why there is a time term with backtest data and market data.But I still confused with omitted data in backtest data. In case of my script in my picture, there is no closing price in 2020-12-05. Could you explain about this problem? Due to this problem, I always got quite big different RSI value.





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-13 05:06:39.343000












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Hyunjun Yoo':  
                                        Thank you for replying. I understand why there is a time term with backtest data and market data.But I still confused with omitted data in backtest data. In case of my script in my picture, there is no closing price in 2020-12-05. Could you explain about this problem? Due to this problem, I always got quite big different RSI value.

Hi Hyunjun, we have fixed the missing day issue. You can try again.  





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-15 11:09:32.783000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to fetch market capitalization data






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Yat







How to fetch market capitalization data
Economy & Market



Hello people,As the title says, how can I get the market cap of each coin in each day?





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-15 03:04:32.066000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,152










 
Mukesh Ram









Hey, that's easy. Take a look the getChain_MarketCap.function. For notebook, from AlgoAPI.AlgoAPIUtil import getChain_MarketCap

data = getChain_MarketCap(
    asset='BTC', 
    starttime='2022-01-01', 
    endtime='2022-01-31'
)

print(data)


For backtest, 







2
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-15 15:04:05.411000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | No longer support trading services on Eqonex






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







No longer support trading services on Eqonex
Economy & Market



Dear AlgoGene users, Eqonex has announced to stop trading services on Aug 22 , 2022. If you are currently using Eqonex as execution platform, please consider to switch to our other supported brokers. BinanceExnessOANDAIGInteractive BrokersTickmillWhaleFin







0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-15 15:34:01.200000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,105










 
Mukesh Ram









Many crypto exchanges shutted down recently. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-15 15:40:34.276000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect Trading Account with WhaleFin






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect Trading Account with WhaleFin
How it work



ALGOGENE now supports users to trade with WhaleFin accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!
Open WhaleFin trading accounts through our partnership link, you will enjoy:

US$30 commission rebate on WhaleFin
Access to products with 16% APY on WhaleFin
HK$300 free credits on ALGOGENE




This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your WhaleFin trading account (either demo account or real trading account). The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


What is WhaleFin?
WhaleFin (https://www.whalefin.com/web/home) is a digital investment platform backed by Amber Group (https://www.ambergroup.io/). Amber Group was founded in 2018 with financial licenses in Australia, Canada, Dubai, Hong Kong, Japan, Switzerland, U.K. and U.S. It is one of the most popular digital asset investment platforms, offering currency exchange, spot and margin trading for 100+ Crypto currencies.


Client Onboarding on WhaleFin

For Real-Trading account, sign up on https://h5.whalefin.com/register?referral_code=D8eBQJ
For demo account, sign up on https://pro-alpha.whalefin.com/register

Follow the instruction to verify your email/mobile



Get trading account info

Login WhaleFin portal,
    	
Real-Trading account: https://pro.whalefin.com/login
Demo account: https://pro-alpha.whalefin.com/login


Go to "API Management", 


Label your API name under "Note", enable Authorization as follows, then click "Submit"
	    
Enable Read only for "Wallet", "Assets", "Trade", "Earn", "Loan", "Exeution", and "Invest"
Enable Action for "Trade" and "Execution"




Copy your "API Key" and "API Secret"




Update Trading Account Settings

In WhaleFin web portal, go to "Trade" > "Spot & Margin"


then click "Trade Settings"


Change your desired leverage, and also enable auto convert PnL to your account currency



Config on ALGOGENE

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Choose "WhaleFin" in broker dropdown
Update the connection settings as follows:

"API Key" -> Your WhaleFin's API Key
"Password" -> Your WhaleFin's API Secret





Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with WhaleFin.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your WhaleFin linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"


Go to [Setting] > [Algo Market] > [My Subscribed Algo Strategy], you should see your subscribed Algo is active in trading for you. You have the feasibility to "Stop copy trade" and "Start copy trade" at any time.



Happy Trading! :)






6
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-18 03:49:34.222560





 Email
 Facebook



 2,188













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How long should a backtest be?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Tobby Liu







How long should a backtest be?
Quantitative Model



Hi all, i am new to algo-trading. So far I built an algo that seems to work for 1 year. How far should I backtest? The longer the better, or does it depend on the timeframe used? More guidance from the community will be helpful. Many thanks! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-26 15:51:47.779000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,081










 
Hiroki









Yes, just backtest all available data you have. 





0
3




 Posted on : 2022-08-27 11:26:58.987000












 
Bumblebee










Original Posted by - b'Hiroki':  
                                        Yes, just backtest all available data you have. 
                                    
Hi Hiroki, what you mentioned is not a proper way for backtesting!To avoid overfitting, it is better to split the whole datasets into in-sample and out-of-sample. In-sample dataset is used to develop and optimize a trading algorithm, while out-of-sample is used to validate the trading performance. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-29 03:56:53.441000












 
Tobby Liu










Original Posted by - b'Bumblebee':  
                                        Hi Hiroki, what you mentioned is not a proper way for backtesting!To avoid overfitting, it is better to split the whole datasets into in-sample and out-of-sample. In-sample dataset is used to develop and optimize a trading algorithm, while out-of-sample is used to validate the trading performance. 

I have a further question. Many stocks can have over 10 years of history, but crypto market usually have less than 5-year data. Does it mean that a crypto algo will be less "robust" for real trading? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-29 14:58:37.796000












 
Bumblebee










Original Posted by - b'Tobby Liu':  
I have a further question. Many stocks can have over 10 years of history, but crypto market usually have less than 5-year data. Does it mean that a crypto algo will be less "robust" for real trading? 

Hmmm ... may or may not. From statistical point of view, sampling error can be reduced by increasing the sample size. However for financial market, very old data may be irrelevant to the current situation due to structural market changes, 





1
0




 Posted on : 2022-08-30 09:12:06.566000












 
Maurice Ng










Original Posted by - b'Bumblebee':  
                                        Hmmm ... may or may not. From statistical point of view, sampling error can be reduced by increasing the sample size. However for financial market, very old data may be irrelevant to the current situation due to structural market changes, 

A good backtest should generally cover at least 1-2 financial cycles. The financial cycle for crypto is usually very short (within a few months), but for stock market, it may last for several years. Thus, I don't think there will be disadvantage for crypto algo. 





1
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-01 01:23:57.164000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guideline to upload custom data via API






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guideline to upload custom data via API
Programming



Following the article Guideline to backtest with custom datasets, we learnt how to upload custom data to the system for backtest analysis. This post will further discuss how to upload data to the cloud data directory via API.
This feature is particularly useful to these usage scenarios:

Massive data upload programmatically
Real-time external data feed for live trading


Data Preparation
Suppose we have our own data source and want to live feed the data to a file "ABC". Let's say a particular trading record contains the following information.

Timestamp: 2022-08-02 15:05:00
Open price: 102.3
High price: 104.7
Low price: 101.4
Close price: 104.1
Volume: 123


Technical Specification
Endpoint: 

https://algogene.com/rest/v1/upload_data

Parameters: 

user: your ALGOGENE user id
api_key: your API key
file: specify the file to store your data
mode: 'a' for data append; 'w' for data overwrite to your specified file
msg: the data message to write to the file


Example (Python)
We can post data from a local machine to the cloud data directory as follows:
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13import requests

url = 'https://algogene.com/rest/v1/upload_data'
headers = {'Content-Type': 'application/json'}
params = {
	'user':"xxx", 
	'api_key':'xxx', 
	'file':'ABC', 
	'mode':'a', 
	'msg': '2022-08-02 15:05:00,102.3,104.7,101.4,104.1,123'
}
res = requests.post(url, data=json.dumps(params), headers=headers)
print(res.text)


Upon successful data upload, you will receive this message.
1
2
3
4{
  "res": "Successful data upload!",
  "status": true
}


Now, we can check the details under [My History] > [Custom File Viewer]. The system will create the "ABC" file for us if it doesn't exist.


Update meta data
Similar to the previous post, we need to update the file "_meta_.json" to let the system know how to process our data.
In above example, our file contains 6 columns separated by comma.



Column Index
Column Name
Data Type


0
Timestamp
in format of YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS


1
Open
float


2
High
float


3
Low
float


4
Close
float


5
Volume
integer




We can define the meta data as follows:


 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17{
   "ABC": {
       "file": "ABC",
       "file_delimiter": ",",
       "period_start": "2022-08-01",
       "period_end": "2099-12-31",
       "settleCurrency": "USD",
       "contractSize": 1,
       "fmt_time": "%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S",
       "col_time": 0,
       "col_open": 1,
       "col_high": 2,
       "col_low": 3,
       "col_close": 4,
       "col_volume": 5
   }
}


How to use custom data for Live Trading?
As long as the configuration is setup properly, we will then be able to get the custom real-time data stream in live-testing or real-trading environment.

Go to [Live Test] or [Real Trade] > [Account Details]
Select a trading account and click "Show algo details"



Our "ABC" is now available under the instrument dropdown.




Data Stream
If there is new update in our custom data file "ABC", we will receive the market data feed under 'on_marketdatafeed' or 'on_bulkdatafeed.



Data Query
On the other hand, we can use the API function 'getHistoricalBar' to query from our custom data files.









6
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-05 02:48:45.193765





 Email
 Facebook



 1,484













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Usage of Instruments Other than Crypto for Algo-Trading Crypto Challenge Competition






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Hojin Yun 







Usage of Instruments Other than Crypto for Algo-Trading Crypto Challenge Competition
Programming



Hello, I am currently trying to implement our teams' strategy on the backtesting platform. However, I tried to use other instruments such as gold price, but it seems I can only select Crypto data. I have tried using another account not associated with the competition, and I can choose such instruments. Is this competition supposed to only use the crypto data or am I making some kin of mistake with the settings or something?It would be very helpful if you could help. Thank you so much.





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-06 15:13:38.705000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,024










 
admin









Hi Hojin, the instrument dropdown represents the list of available trading products. As a contestor, you will only see a list of crypto currencies. To access non-crypto data, you can use the API function getHistoricalBar :Suppose we choose "BTCUSD" in the instrucment list, and want to query SP500 index data (i.e. SPXUSD). We can do it as follows:





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-07 06:13:56.457000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Example in Tutorials (Moving Average)






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Kwan Chi Yeung







Example in Tutorials (Moving Average)
Programming



There is only one instrument used In the moving average programming example. May I know if there is any method that can perform the same action but subscribes to more than one instrument? For example, is a for loop applicable to subscribe to more than one instrument, or do I have to add the same code for different instruments? javascript:nicTemp();





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-07 16:11:02.468000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,300










 
tony lam









Hi Kwan, on_bulkdatafeed would be more appropriate for your case. The 'bd' object in on_bulkdatafeed is a dictionary containing the latest price info for all your chosen instruments.
For the example in TechDoc, you can revise the data type for 'arr_close', 'arr_fastMA', and 'arr_slowMA' to dictionary. Then, you can loop all instruments and append the observations under on_bulkdatafeed later.

 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import talib, numpy

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.lasttradetime = datetime(2000,1,1)
        self.arr_close = {}
        self.arr_fastMA = {}
        self.arr_slowMA = {}
        self.fastperiod = 7
        self.slowperiod = 14

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.instrument_1 = mEvt['subscribeList'][0]
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()

    def on_bulkdatafeed(self, isSync, bd, ab):
        if isSync and bd[self.instrument_1]['timestamp'] >= self.lasttradetime + timedelta(hours=24):
            self.lasttradetime = bd[self.instrument_1]['timestamp']

            for instrument in bd:
                
                # initialize array
                if instrument not in self.arr_close:
                    self.arr_close[instrument] = []
                    self.arr_fastMA[instrument] = []
                    self.arr_slowMA[instrument] = []


                lastprice = bd[instrument]['lastPrice']
                self.arr_close[instrument] = numpy.append(self.arr_close[instrument], lastprice)

                # keep the most recent observations
                if len(self.arr_close[instrument])>int(self.fastperiod+self.slowperiod):
                    self.arr_close[instrument] = self.arr_close[instrument][-int(self.fastperiod+self.slowperiod):]
                # fit SMA line
                self.arr_fastMA[instrument] = talib.SMA(self.arr_close[instrument], timeperiod=int(self.fastperiod))
                self.arr_slowMA[instrument] = talib.SMA(self.arr_close[instrument], timeperiod=int(self.slowperiod))
                # debug print result
                self.evt.consoleLog("arr_fastMA=", instrument, self.arr_fastMA[instrument])
                self.evt.consoleLog("arr_slowMA=", instrument, self.arr_slowMA[instrument])
                # check number of record is at least greater than both self.fastperiod, self.slowperiod
                if not numpy.isnan(self.arr_fastMA[instrument][-1]) and not numpy.isnan(self.arr_fastMA[instrument][-2]) and not numpy.isnan(self.arr_slowMA[instrument][-1]) and not numpy.isnan(self.arr_slowMA[instrument][-2]):
                    # send a buy order for Golden Cross
                    if self.arr_fastMA[instrument][-1] > self.arr_slowMA[instrument][-1] and self.arr_fastMA[instrument][-2] < self.arr_slowMA[instrument][-2]:
                        self.place_order(lastprice, 1, 'open', instrument)
                    # send a sell order for Death Cross
                    if self.arr_fastMA[instrument][-1] < self.arr_slowMA[instrument][-1] and self.arr_fastMA[instrument][-2] > self.arr_slowMA[instrument][-2]:
                        self.place_order(lastprice, -1, 'open', instrument)


    def place_order(self, lastprice, buysell, openclose, instrument):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject()
        order.instrument = instrument
        if buysell==1:
            order.takeProfitLevel = lastprice*1.1
            order.stopLossLevel = lastprice*0.9
        elif buysell==-1:
            order.takeProfitLevel = lastprice*0.9
            order.stopLossLevel = lastprice*1.1
        order.volume = 0.01
        order.openclose = openclose
        order.buysell = buysell
        order.ordertype = 0 #0=market_order, 1=limit_order
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)







0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-08 01:40:59.912000












 
Kwan Chi Yeung










Original Posted by - b'tony lam':  
Hi Kwan, on_bulkdatafeed would be more appropriate for your case. The 'bd' object in on_bulkdatafeed is a dictionary containing the latest price info for all your chosen instruments.
For the example in TechDoc, you can revise the data type for 'arr_close', 'arr_fastMA', and 'arr_slowMA' to dictionary. Then, you can loop all instruments and append the observations under on_bulkdatafeed later.

 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import talib, numpy

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.lasttradetime = datetime(2000,1,1)
        self.arr_close = {}
        self.arr_fastMA = {}
        self.arr_slowMA = {}
        self.fastperiod = 7
        self.slowperiod = 14

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.instrument_1 = mEvt['subscribeList'][0]
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()

    def on_bulkdatafeed(self, isSync, bd, ab):
        if isSync and bd[self.instrument_1]['timestamp'] >= self.lasttradetime + timedelta(hours=24):
            self.lasttradetime = bd[self.instrument_1]['timestamp']

            for instrument in bd:
                
                # initialize array
                if instrument not in self.arr_close:
                    self.arr_close[instrument] = []
                    self.arr_fastMA[instrument] = []
                    self.arr_slowMA[instrument] = []


                lastprice = bd[instrument]['lastPrice']
                self.arr_close[instrument] = numpy.append(self.arr_close[instrument], lastprice)

                # keep the most recent observations
                if len(self.arr_close[instrument])>int(self.fastperiod+self.slowperiod):
                    self.arr_close[instrument] = self.arr_close[instrument][-int(self.fastperiod+self.slowperiod):]
                # fit SMA line
                self.arr_fastMA[instrument] = talib.SMA(self.arr_close[instrument], timeperiod=int(self.fastperiod))
                self.arr_slowMA[instrument] = talib.SMA(self.arr_close[instrument], timeperiod=int(self.slowperiod))
                # debug print result
                self.evt.consoleLog("arr_fastMA=", instrument, self.arr_fastMA[instrument])
                self.evt.consoleLog("arr_slowMA=", instrument, self.arr_slowMA[instrument])
                # check number of record is at least greater than both self.fastperiod, self.slowperiod
                if not numpy.isnan(self.arr_fastMA[instrument][-1]) and not numpy.isnan(self.arr_fastMA[instrument][-2]) and not numpy.isnan(self.arr_slowMA[instrument][-1]) and not numpy.isnan(self.arr_slowMA[instrument][-2]):
                    # send a buy order for Golden Cross
                    if self.arr_fastMA[instrument][-1] > self.arr_slowMA[instrument][-1] and self.arr_fastMA[instrument][-2] < self.arr_slowMA[instrument][-2]:
                        self.place_order(lastprice, 1, 'open', instrument)
                    # send a sell order for Death Cross
                    if self.arr_fastMA[instrument][-1] < self.arr_slowMA[instrument][-1] and self.arr_fastMA[instrument][-2] > self.arr_slowMA[instrument][-2]:
                        self.place_order(lastprice, -1, 'open', instrument)


    def place_order(self, lastprice, buysell, openclose, instrument):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject()
        order.instrument = instrument
        if buysell==1:
            order.takeProfitLevel = lastprice*1.1
            order.stopLossLevel = lastprice*0.9
        elif buysell==-1:
            order.takeProfitLevel = lastprice*0.9
            order.stopLossLevel = lastprice*1.1
        order.volume = 0.01
        order.openclose = openclose
        order.buysell = buysell
        order.ordertype = 0 #0=market_order, 1=limit_order
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)



Hi Tony, thank you so much for your reply. I have followed the above code while developing my crypto trading strategy. However, my programme would not trade during the backtest even I just directly copy all functions above. May I know if I have missed any code in the "place_order" part? Additionally, is there a maximum value of the "order.volume". Thank you for your valuable time.





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-09 16:53:37.160000












 
tony lam










Original Posted by - b'Kwan Chi Yeung':  
                                        Hi Tony, thank you so much for your reply. I have followed the above code while developing my crypto trading strategy. However, my programme would not trade during the backtest even I just directly copy all functions above. May I know if I have missed any code in the "place_order" part? Additionally, is there a maximum value of the "order.volume". Thank you for your valuable time.
                                    
Hi Kwan, the logic above need to take the first 14-day observations to initialize the MA calculation. You can try with longer backtest period, and also different instruments. Secondly, the system doesn't have maximum restriction for order volume. However, an order will be rejected if there is insufficient balance. Those warning and error messages will be shown in "Console". 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-10 14:31:51.348000















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Request for performance benchmark






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Maurice Ng







Request for performance benchmark
Quantitative Model



Hello algogene team, I am really appreciate your powerful backtest and trading engine which provides lot of datasets to work with. It would be even great if the system can further support performance comparison against a specific market index. As a CAPM believer, this feature will be helpful to understand how my strategy co-relate with the market. 





1
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-09 04:55:34.259000





 Email
 Facebook



 981










 
admin









Thank you for your feedback. This feature is under our development roadmap, which will be launched by this year. 





2
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-09 14:56:51.178000












 
Maurice Ng










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
                                        Thank you for your feedback. This feature is under our development roadmap, which will be launched by this year. 

Great! Looking forward to it! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-14 02:19:47.251000












 
Percy










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
                                        Thank you for your feedback. This feature is under our development roadmap, which will be launched by this year. 

That would be very useful. Great platform and development team! 👍👍👍





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-29 03:11:30.064487















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | 3 Tips to make your code more pythonic






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
tony lam







3 Tips to make your code more pythonic
Programming



This article will introduce you to the top 3 ways you might not be fully taking advantage of to write better Python code, including:

List Comprehension
Dictionary Access
Lambda Function


List Comprehension
A common programming task is to iterate the elements from an array and store the results in a new array. For example, you are given a list of numbers and want to transform it into a list of its squares. You may come up with something like this:
arr = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]

res = []
for i in arr:
    res.append(i ** 2)

print(res)

Output: 

[1, 4, 9, 16, 25]




On the other hand, using the list comprehension approach, our codes can be simplified as follows: 
arr = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
res = [i ** 2 for i in arr]

print(res)

Output: 

[1, 4, 9, 16, 25]




If you are familiar with set notation in mathematics, list comprehensions may already look familiar. The usual steps to think about list comprehensions are as follows:

Start with an empty list
[]


The next thing that goes in the list comprehension is whatever you would put inside of the .append() using the for loop method
[i ** 2]


Finally put the for loop header at the end of the list
[i ** 2 for i in arr]



Dictionary Access
In Python, a dictionary is JSON data structure presented in a key-value pair. It allows fast value lookup based on a given key.
As wonderful as dictionaries are, our code may crash because of an unavailable key. This problem most often occurs when interfacing with external APIs because in many cases a key is available when some conditions met. To prevent this error, we may write:

data = [
    {"name":"Alice", "id":"100", "isStudent":True},
    {"name":"Bob", "isStudent":False},
    {"name":"Eva", "id":"105", "isStudent":True}
]

for d in data:
    if "id" in d:
        print(d["id"])
    else:
        print("Not a student!")

Output: 

100
Not a student!
105




However, a more pythonic way to write this is using dict.get(lookup_key, default_value)
for d in data:
    print(d.get("id","Not a student!"))

Output: 

100
Not a student!
105




Lambda Function
In Python, lambda functions are those single-line, anonymous functions, which is useful when performing minor alterations to data. Lambda functions behave in the same way as regular def functions, but have the following characteristics:

a lambda function can take any number of arguments, but they are restricted to only a single expression
lambda functions can be used to return function objects


A lamda has the following syntax:

lambda argument(s): expression




Example 1: Product of 2 numbers
product = lambda x, y : x * y

print(product(8, 3))

In this code the lambda x, y: x*y is the lambda function. The x, y are the arguments while x * y is the expression that is evaluated and the result of the expression is returned. Running the code will output: 

24



The above lamda function is similar to 
def product(x, y):
    return x*y


Example 2: Filter elements from a list
arr = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]

res = list(filter(lambda i: (i < 6), arr))
print(res)


It will behave similar to below function:
def fn_filter(arr):
    res = []
    for i in arr:
        if i<6:
            res.append(i)
    return res

Output:

[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]




Example 3: Squares of all items in a list
Here we will use the map() function which basically maps every item in the input iterable to the corresponding item in the output iterable, according to the logic defined by the lambda function. Consider the example to transform a list of numbers to its squares, apart from the list comprehension method above, we can also do it as follows:
arr = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]

res = list(map(lambda i: i**2, arr))
print(res)

Output:

[1, 4, 9, 16, 25]




Summary
Now you got it, our top 3 tips that will definitely help you writing better Python code in no time! If you find this article useful, don't forget to like and share with your friends! 
Happy coding and have a good day!


Like and follow me
If you find my articles inspiring, like this post and follow me here to receive my latest updates.
Enter my promote code "AjpQDMOSmzG2" for any purchase on ALGOGENE, you will automatically get 5% discount.







3
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-16 04:08:06.316000





 Email
 Facebook



 1,146










 
Ka Ka









Thanks for sharing~~





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-25 14:54:36.429653












 
Percy









My first time to see lamda function here. Great article and thanks for sharing, Tony!





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-29 03:14:04.516570












 
Gary Fung









Very useful. Do you more tips? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-12 13:17:56.316930















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Is it a good time to invest now?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Ka Ka







Is it a good time to invest now?
Economy & Market



All markets have dropped significantly in these few months, do you guys think it is a good time to invest again now?





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-25 14:51:06.966305





 Email
 Facebook



 1,061










 
Donald









As Warren Buffett said, “Be Fearful When Others Are Greedy and Greedy When Others Are Fearful”.The more the drop, the more to buy!!!  





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-26 14:46:46.151254












 
Jeremy









Backtesting is always the most scientific way to answer this. Let's say you want to buy when SP500 droped a certain percentage from its previous peak. Then, you can try on the platform to see what is the optimal value for the drop. So you can compare with the value of the current market drop. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-28 06:51:02.077345












 
Bumblebee










Original Posted by - b'Jeremy':  
Backtesting is always the most scientific way to answer this. Let's say you want to buy when SP500 droped a certain percentage from its previous peak. Then, you can try on the platform to see what is the optimal value for the drop. So you can compare with the value of the current market drop. 

Backtest can provide some insights for investment, but we can't fully rely on the backtest result for future projection. For some events that had not have happened in the past (eg. negative oil price in 2020), a strategy using history before 2020 for backtest is highly likely to suggest a buy action. However, the oil market eventually dropped to $-30. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-29 03:27:34.400837












 
Sharwan Patel









Personally, I think the drop will at least presist till this year end.  





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-04 02:16:48.235367















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | What is the cause of DANGER message in backest?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Percy







What is the cause of DANGER message in backest?
Programming



I encountered below danger message during backtesting. I am wondering what it is about and how to get rid of it. Thank you! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-29 03:07:41.352136





 Email
 Facebook



 1,029










 
Donald









As the message suggested, your script contains some malicious code. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-29 08:20:56.581743












 
admin









Hi, our system will conduct security checking before running the script. It seems that your script contains some abnormal codes that trigger the system alert. 

Could you check if your script contains something like ".remove()"?
You can delete those unnecessary lines, or rename those variables/functions.





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-30 01:31:40.267792












 
Percy










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
Hi, our system will conduct security checking before running the script. It seems that your script contains some abnormal codes that trigger the system alert. 

Could you check if your script contains something like ".remove()"?
You can delete those unnecessary lines, or rename those variables/functions.

I see. Thank you. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-09-30 02:35:16.407784












 
tamilkeyboardapp









Tamil
keyboard app By Bharat Keyboards is the best Tamil Keyboard for Android
with fast Tamil typing and funny stickers for Whatsapp, Instagram, Facebook,
etc





0
1




 Posted on : 2022-11-18 06:52:02.786170












 
user









 Cash is critical because
it offers you the chance to do what you really want, when you really want,
where you really want. To a great extent we allude to this as "FU
Cash," and that infers you show up where you can just leave an undertaking
you scorn and are not subject to anyone's financial assistance. Having the
choice to choose and have options is maybe of the best tendency on earth.how to make 400 fast Acknowledging you are caught in a particular situation since you truly need the
money or financial help is puzzling, wiping out to the point that from your
life is an uncommon assistance. Right when you have cash, you control what you
want or have no des





0
1




 Posted on : 2022-11-22 09:15:00.164005












 
Darius










Original Posted by - b'tamilkeyboardapp':  
Tamil
keyboard app By Bharat Keyboards is the best Tamil Keyboard for Android
with fast Tamil typing and funny stickers for Whatsapp, Instagram, Facebook,
etc

it's advertisement and irrelevant to the post!  





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-23 08:05:55.583939












 
Darius










Original Posted by - b'user':  
 Cash is critical because
it offers you the chance to do what you really want, when you really want,
where you really want. To a great extent we allude to this as "FU
Cash," and that infers you show up where you can just leave an undertaking
you scorn and are not subject to anyone's financial assistance. Having the
choice to choose and have options is maybe of the best tendency on earth.how to make 400 fast Acknowledging you are caught in a particular situation since you truly need the
money or financial help is puzzling, wiping out to the point that from your
life is an uncommon assistance. Right when you have cash, you control what you
want or have no des

it's advertisement and irrelevant to the post!  





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-23 08:06:52.703157















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to set order volume to balance percentage?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Sharwan Patel







How to set order volume to balance percentage?
Programming



Hi all, I have a question related to placing orders. I checked from Tech Doc that the order volume refers to the number of contract to buy. However, I want to buy for 1% of balance. How can I do that? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-04 02:14:21.078199





 Email
 Facebook



 1,016










 
William Cheung









I don't think it is supported in current API functions. You need to calculate by yourself. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-05 01:20:10.747992












 
admin









Hi Patel, the sendOrder function currently doesn't support order size as a percentage of account balance. So it needs some calculation as follows.
As an example, you want to trade for 1% of current available balance: 

Get contract size of that instrument (https://algogene.com/TechDoc#QueryContractSpec)
Calculate the number of contract, and round to 2 decimals


 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        
        pct = 0.01  # trade for 1% percent balance

        availableBalance = ab['availableBalance']  # get your current available balance

        contractSize = self.evt.getContractSpec(md.instrument)["contractSize"] # get contract size of current instrument

        volume = round(pct*availableBalance/contractSize, 2)  # how much contract can buy for 1% balance
        
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
            instrument = instrument,
            openclose = 'open',
            buysell = 1,
            ordertype = 0,
            volume = volume
        )
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)







1
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-05 11:15:25.274312












 
walle










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
Hi Patel, the sendOrder function currently doesn't support order size as a percentage of account balance. So it needs some calculation as follows.
As an example, you want to trade for 1% of current available balance: 

Get contract size of that instrument (https://algogene.com/TechDoc#QueryContractSpec)
Calculate the number of contract, and round to 2 decimals


 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        
        pct = 0.01  # trade for 1% percent balance

        availableBalance = ab['availableBalance']  # get your current available balance

        contractSize = self.evt.getContractSpec(md.instrument)["contractSize"] # get contract size of current instrument

        volume = round(pct*availableBalance/contractSize, 2)  # how much contract can buy for 1% balance
        
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
            instrument = instrument,
            openclose = 'open',
            buysell = 1,
            ordertype = 0,
            volume = volume
        )
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)



Shouldn't we include stock price in the calculation as below?volume = pct*availableBalance/(contractSize*last_srock_price)





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-07-02 06:50:03.296008












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'walle':  
Shouldn't we include stock price in the calculation as below?volume = pct*availableBalance/(contractSize*last_srock_price)

Yes, you are right.If the underlying currency of the stock is different from your account's base currency. The formula need further adjust with the exchange rate. 





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-07-02 07:24:56.449971












 
walle










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
                                        Yes, you are right.If the underlying currency of the stock is different from your account's base currency. The formula need further adjust with the exchange rate. 

Thanks. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-07-02 08:10:19.709342















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Can I use the getHistoricalBar only for live testing






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
chantomkit







Can I use the getHistoricalBar only for live testing
Programming



Hello, I want to ask about the function of getHistoricalBar.For example in backtesting, I want to get the historical 2min bar data of certain instrument and calculate some indicators. I can use this function to return a dictionary and convert it into dataframe for further computation.But then in livetesting, does this function still work in real time? like it can still return the previous N bars of data from current time?If this does not work, then I will need to get and accumulate the streaming tick data and build my own dataframe every certain period.





1
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-09 07:16:31.391110





 Email
 Facebook



 1,070










 
admin









Hi chantomkit, all the API functions used for backtest will behave the same in the live environment. In fact, once you are satified with a backtest result, the backtest script can be deployed to paper or real-trading environment without any code amendment. This article discusses the steps for live deployment. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-26 07:44:40.900298















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How can I access whether certain trade closed with either targetprofit or stoploss?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Lee Chang Jun







How can I access whether certain trade closed with either targetprofit or stoploss?
Programming



I looked at the documents for querying orders but I couldn't find how I can query closed orders. I need to know whether my orders closed with target profit or stop loss. May I know how I can access this information? Thank you.





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-10 06:09:06.544700





 Email
 Facebook



 974










 
admin









Hello Chang Jun, the current version of Web API doesn't support info querying for closed orders.
For your case, it needs to create a temporary variable to manage and check the order fill status.
Here's a working example. Please refer to line #29 - #52 for the checking logic.

 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.isFirstTrade = False
        self.tmp = {}
        
    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # trade only 1 time for demo purpose
        if not self.isFirstTrade:
            self.isFirstTrade = True

            order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                instrument = md.instrument,
                openclose = 'open', 
                buysell = 1,    # buy
                ordertype = 0,  # market order
                volume = 0.01,
                takeProfitLevel = md.lastPrice*1.1,
                stopLossLevel = md.lastPrice*0.9
            )
            self.evt.sendOrder(order)

    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        if of.status=="success":
            if of.openclose=="open":
                self.tmp[of.tradeID] = {
                    "buysell": of.buysell,
                    "openprice": of.fill_price, 
                    "closeprice": None, 
                    "pl_side": None
                }
            elif of.openclose=="close":

                self.tmp[of.tradeID]['closeprice'] = of.fill_price

                # check whether it is profitable or lossing trade
                if self.tmp[of.tradeID]["buysell"]>0:
                    if self.tmp[of.tradeID]['closeprice']>self.tmp[of.tradeID]['openprice']:
                        self.tmp[of.tradeID]['pl_side'] = "tp"
                    else:
                        self.tmp[of.tradeID]['pl_side'] = "sl"

                elif self.tmp[of.tradeID]["buysell"]<0:
                    if self.tmp[of.tradeID]['closeprice']>self.tmp[of.tradeID]['openprice']:
                        self.tmp[of.tradeID]['pl_side'] = "sl"
                    else:
                        self.tmp[of.tradeID]['pl_side'] = "tp"

                # log result
                self.evt.consoleLog(self.tmp)







2
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-10 14:59:55.280991












 
admin









We will supplement the Web API for already closed orders. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-10 15:03:25.259225












 
Lee Chang Jun










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
Hello Chang Jun, the current version of Web API doesn't support info querying for closed orders.
For your case, it needs to create a temporary variable to manage and check the order fill status.
Here's a working example. Please refer to line #29 - #52 for the checking logic.

 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.isFirstTrade = False
        self.tmp = {}
        
    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # trade only 1 time for demo purpose
        if not self.isFirstTrade:
            self.isFirstTrade = True

            order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                instrument = md.instrument,
                openclose = 'open', 
                buysell = 1,    # buy
                ordertype = 0,  # market order
                volume = 0.01,
                takeProfitLevel = md.lastPrice*1.1,
                stopLossLevel = md.lastPrice*0.9
            )
            self.evt.sendOrder(order)

    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        if of.status=="success":
            if of.openclose=="open":
                self.tmp[of.tradeID] = {
                    "buysell": of.buysell,
                    "openprice": of.fill_price, 
                    "closeprice": None, 
                    "pl_side": None
                }
            elif of.openclose=="close":

                self.tmp[of.tradeID]['closeprice'] = of.fill_price

                # check whether it is profitable or lossing trade
                if self.tmp[of.tradeID]["buysell"]>0:
                    if self.tmp[of.tradeID]['closeprice']>self.tmp[of.tradeID]['openprice']:
                        self.tmp[of.tradeID]['pl_side'] = "tp"
                    else:
                        self.tmp[of.tradeID]['pl_side'] = "sl"

                elif self.tmp[of.tradeID]["buysell"]<0:
                    if self.tmp[of.tradeID]['closeprice']>self.tmp[of.tradeID]['openprice']:
                        self.tmp[of.tradeID]['pl_side'] = "sl"
                    else:
                        self.tmp[of.tradeID]['pl_side'] = "tp"

                # log result
                self.evt.consoleLog(self.tmp)



Thank you!





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-11 06:30:48.904325












 
Kumar










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
                                        We will supplement the Web API for already closed orders. 
                                    
I am also looking to query closed order info. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-19 03:15:19.668623















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to access news data feed to do sentiment analysis?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Ng Pui Tsun







How to access news data feed to do sentiment analysis?
Programming



How to access news data feed and how to change the parameter of news data feed function?And does it output a dataframe or a dictionary?





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-12 15:24:14.735560





 Email
 Facebook



 876










 
Bumblebee









According to the Web API Tech Doc, there are 2 ways to get news data. You can refer to the Navie News Trade example as well. 1. News Stream (https://algogene.com/TechDoc#NewsDataFeed) - the output is an object2. getHistoricalNews (https://algogene.com/TechDoc#QueryHistoryNews) - the output is json





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-13 13:14:32.295833















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to set limit close order?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Kumar







How to set limit close order?
Programming



Hello, I found that the close order API only support market order. How can I close a position using limit order?





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-19 03:13:05.884451





 Email
 Facebook



 979










 
tony lam









In market practice, a "close" order refers to immediately order closing using the best market price. Thus, it is a market order by nature. 
For your case, you can use the update_opened_order function to adjust the take profit/ stop loss level to replicate a "limit close". 






1
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-20 01:24:35.997344












 
Kumar










Original Posted by - b'tony lam':  
In market practice, a "close" order refers to immediately order closing using the best market price. Thus, it is a market order by nature. 
For your case, you can use the update_opened_order function to adjust the take profit/ stop loss level to replicate a "limit close". 


Got it. Thanks! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-18 06:51:35.624917















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Calling external API






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Yam Yat Wa







Calling external API
Programming



I wonder if it is possible to perform HTTP requests on external API, like importing requests in Algogene? If it is not possible, is there any tricks to retrieve external data?





3
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-23 07:23:18.606201





 Email
 Facebook



 1,025










 
admin









Hello Yam, due to the difficulty for front-running strategy checking during backtest process, our platform is designed to disable the "requests" library. However, there are some tricks to do so. For backtesting, please refer to  Guideline to backtest with custom datasetsFor live trading, you can follow Guideline to upload custom data via API for real-time data feed to a cloud directory. Then, follow a similar approach in  Guideline to backtest with custom datasets to point to that file and listen to new data feed in your script.  





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-10-25 06:09:39.721950















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to implement stoploss?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Henry Tsai







How to implement stoploss?
Programming



Hello team, I am trying to implement a stop loss in my strategy. I’m not quite sure how to do it. Can someone provide more guidance?





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-02 07:11:37.166056





 Email
 Facebook



 934










 
Jeremy









It supports order level and portfolio level stop loss.Which one you are talking about? It's better if you can give some codes that you have already tried.





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-02 11:07:52.640565












 
admin









There are several ways to do it:
For example, you want to open a market buy order with a stoploss level being 10% from its entry price.

1. Open order with a stop loss condition
Refer to the TechDoc's PlaceOrder section, you can do it as in line #19. 
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        pass

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
            instrument = md.instrument,
            openclose = 'open', 
            buysell = 1,    #1=buy, -1=sell
            ordertype = 0,  #0=market, 1=limit
            volume = 0.01,
            stopLossLevel=md.askPrice*0.9
        )
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)


2. Update order condition
Alternatively, you can use the UpdateOpenedOrder function to update the stoploss level after an order has been successfully opened. Just in line #26 and #28.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        pass

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
            instrument = md.instrument,
            openclose = 'open', 
            buysell = 1,    #1=buy, -1=sell
            ordertype = 0,  #0=market, 1=limit
            volume = 0.01
        )
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)

    def on_orderfeed(self, of): 
        if of.status=="success":
            # update take profit level
            if of.buysell==1:
                sl = of.fill_price*0.9
            else:
                sl = of.fill_price*1.1
            res = self.evt.update_opened_order(tradeID=of.tradeID, sl=sl)

            # print to console
            self.evt.consoleLog(res["status"], res["msg"])







0
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-03 01:24:40.441982















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE |  Understand Ethereum 2.0






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







 Understand Ethereum 2.0
Economy & Market



Ethereum had completed its mainnet merge on September 15 this year. It is deemed to be a substantial event in the history of Cryptocurrencies. The way Ethereum fundamentally works has now changed. But what is the Ethereum merge and why does it matter? 



Why Ethereum merge?
In its simplest form, the Ethereum merge is essentially an upgrade of the Ethereum blockchain, which may explain why it is also known as “Ethereum 2.0”.
Cryptocurrencies have been criticized for using large amounts of electricity and computer power that may harm the environment. The crypto market is growing all the time and there are countless cryptocurrencies out there, but Ethereum (ETHUSD) alone consumes 78 terawatt hours of electricity each year, which is about the same as Hong Kong's annual emissions. Thus, the merge may be necessary. This could explain why the second largest cryptocurrency has promised to get rid of 99% of energy consumption by eliminating energy-intensive code. This elimination is therefore feasible through the merge which aims at reducing energy consumption and environmental impact, improves network security and scalability, and allows developers to add new features to the Ethereum network.

How does the merge happen?
The merger is done by combining another blockchain created in 2020 called Beaconchain with Ethereum's mainnet blockchain. The relationship between the two is:
Ethereum mainnet is considered an execution layer that allows data transfers to occur on the blockchain. Ethereum, on the other hand, works on blockchain technology, so its transactions need to be verified, so the beacon chain is a consensus layer (execution layer) that verifies or invalidates transactions that are supposed to take place on the mainnet. Ultimately, this process must be done while protecting transactions from counterfeiting and cryptocurrency theft. To that end, Ethereum mainnet uses a Proof of Work (PoW) system. This is because PoW includes a mechanism called "mining". It uses energy-intensive computation to validate transactions by using nodes (intersections in data communication) to solve complex cryptographic algorithms and mathematical problems.
To combat environmental damage, the Ethereum merge will replace PoW with Proof of Stake (PoS). This can have a significant impact on the environment. PoW requires energy-consuming nodes to solve encrypted formulas, but PoS does not. The PoS consensus therefore protects the network by requiring users to stake a portion of their own cryptocurrency to increase the chances of being chosen by the system as a block validator. energy consumption is expected to be reduced by about 99%.

Market impact on ETH?
Ethereum started with an initial supply of 72 million Ether (ETH). In the original PoW model, a large portion of this token supply is used to incentivize miners to secure the network. After switching to PoS, mining rewards will no longer be issued. As a result, annual ETH issuance will be reduced by approximately 90%. According to the law of supply and demand, it could lead to an increase in ETH price. However, financial markets are unpredictable and volatile and are affected by many other factors.

Conclusion
The merge is a significant upgrades to the Ethereum network. It was designed to implement new scaling solutions for better scalability. After completing all listed upgrades, Ethereum will likely be primed to take on more transaction loads without compromising security or decentralization.






1
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-03 08:32:26.024886





 Email
 Facebook



 1,029













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Is financial market a zero-sum game?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Darius







Is financial market a zero-sum game?
Economy & Market



I don't have much financial knowledge. I was told that the financial market is the biggest casino in the world. Every dollar I earn is coming from someone else in the market. Is it really the case? If so, what's the point of doing investment? 





2
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-23 07:50:30.115404





 Email
 Facebook



 881










 
Jeremy









It depends on what you trade. If it is derivatives, the answer is yes. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-25 11:42:42.037536












 
Henry Tsai









For stock market, I dont think it is the case. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-27 02:12:16.441076












 
Darius










Original Posted by - b'Jeremy':  
                                        It depends on what you trade. If it is derivatives, the answer is yes. 

Sorry I still can't understand. Can you elaborate more?





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-27 02:58:36.046575












 
Jeremy










Original Posted by - b'Darius':  
                                        Sorry I still can't understand. Can you elaborate more?
                                    
A zero-sum game, usually cited in game theory, refers to a situation where one person’s gain is equivalent to another’s loss, so the net change in wealth is zero. A zero-sum game can involve as few as two players or as many as hundreds of participants. In financial market, options and futures are examples of zero-sum games. As seen from the payoff chart, excluding transaction costs, the amount gains from a contract is exactly the same amount the counter-party loses.





1
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-29 02:38:17.011311












 
Bumblebee









It doesn't apply to stocks, neither short-term or long-term trading. Let's say you are a mobile manufacturer (eg. Apple, Samsung, etc). You buy or manufacture components and you assemble the parts into a smart phone. Later you set a sale price that can cover the input costs (eg. component and labor) with a profit margin. The profit is thus the added value. The added value is reflected in dividends, capital appreciation of the share price, or a mix of both.For example, Samsung doesn't pay a dividend but the retained earnings are reinvested into the business. The shareholders can just sell the shares if they need "income".That's why we can see from the stock history (eg. SP500), it has a upward trend in long term. If you sell shares and realize a profit, it is not someone else's loss. The productivity gains make us increase output and living standards. If someone had to have a loss for someone else's gain, the stock market would not be able to rise over time.





2
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-02 14:46:20.103745












 
tony lam










Original Posted by - b'Henry Tsai':  
                                        For stock market, I dont think it is the case. 
                                    
Another argument that financial market is not a zero-sum game: Money MarketAll central banks in the world (eg. the Fed) have their own decision on controling the money supply of its domestic currency. When you purchase a US treasury bond, you will receive regular coupons in US dollar. However, the seller or issuer (i.e. the Fed), they can just print the dollar to pay you. If the central bank choose to do so, they have almost nothing to "loss", except for some labor and printing cost.





2
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-02 15:03:52.918376















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect trading account with Alpaca






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect trading account with Alpaca
How it work



ALGOGENE now supports users to trade with Alpaca accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!


Open Alpaca trading accounts through our partnership link, you will enjoy:

Zero commission trading on Alpaca
HK$300 free credits on ALGOGENE




This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your Alpaca trading account (either demo account or real trading account). The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who is Alpaca?
Alpaca (https://alpaca.markets/) is a US based brokerage firm backed by some of the top venture capitalists such as YCombinator and Horizon Ventures. Alpaca is a member regulated by FINRA and SIPC. It provides trading for 5000+ US Stocks and Crypto currencies.

Client Onboarding on Alpaca

Sign up on https://app.alpaca.markets/login

Follow the instruction to complete the KYC process



Get trading account info

Login Alpaca portal, switch for "Live Trading" or "Paper Trading" depending on your case.

Go to "Overview", click "View" your API key, 


Copy your "API Key ID" and "Secret Key"




Config on ALGOGENE

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Choose "Alpaca" in broker dropdown
Update the connection settings as follows:

"API Key" -> Your Alpaca's API Key ID
"Password" -> Your Alpaca's Secret Key





Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with Alpaca.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your Alpaca linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"


Go to [Setting] > [Algo Market] > [My Subscribed Algo Strategy], you should see your subscribed Algo is active in trading for you. You have the feasibility to "Stop copy trade" and "Start copy trade" at any time.



Happy Trading! :)







4
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-24 08:12:16.231692





 Email
 Facebook



 2,145










 
Henry Tsai









Aplaca is good for trading US stocks. Glad to hear that the platform support Aplaca! 👍





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-11-26 02:49:12.590967












 
Bumblebee









Great, you finally supports US stock trading!!  Nice platform! (๑>ᴗ<๑) 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-02 15:08:53.084152















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guide to publish your app on App Store






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guide to publish your app on App Store
How it work



This article addresses some frequently asked questions (FAQ) related to ALGOGENE App Store, and provides step-by-step guidance for developers how to publish your application.


What is ALGOGENE App Store?
We believe in a collaborative community of open data and application that could create larger social benefits. ALGOGENE App Store showcases a variety of applications created by our community developers. Supported by ALGOGENE’s secure infrastructure and connectivity, it enables data scientists and business intelligence to get access for research and development in different areas.

What are the benefits to publish/subscribe an App?
As an App provider, you can benefit from:

feasible to define your revenue model
scale to global audience as a distribution channel
speed up commericalization from well established infrastructure

On the other hand, for App consumers, it helps you to

accelerate your research journey
broaden your development and trial scope
fast integration to your system
cost saving to launch/prototype your project


Who are eligible to publish App?
We emphasize community collaboration. Therefore, both individuals and institutions are welcome to publish your applications.

How the Apps are managed on ALGOGENE App Store?
ALGOGENE provides common and transparent data centric environments for data, algorithms and knowledge sharing between industries, developers, researchers while protecting IP ownership and privacy.

How many App can I publish or subscribe?
There is no limitation. You can publish/subscribe as many App as you want.

How much revenue can I get for publishing my App?
You have the feasibility to determine the price of your App. It will be quoted in a certain Hong Kong Dollar for each 100 API calls on your App.
i.e. HK$ P / 100 requests
When you list your application, the price P will be determined by you.

When and how will I get the revenue when someone subscribe my App?
Stripe is our payment agent to send the money to you. To receive your entitled revenue, you will need to firstly register your bank account information under [Settings] > [My Wallet] > [Wallet Connection] > "Create Stripe".


When someone subscribe your App, the revenue will firstly deposited to your ALGOGENE Wallet. You can check the balance under [Settings] > [My Wallet] > [Wallet Balance].

Withdrawal can be done as long as the wallet balance is at least HK$800.
There will be 15% of your App revenue splited to ALGOGENE for system infrastructure setup and maintenance.




How to publish a new App?
Suppose we have already developed a python package "model1" in a local machine.


It contains 2 files:

"__init__.py" is an empty file such that "model1" can be used as a python module
"func1.py" contains our defined functions "my_add" and "my_multiply". Just for demo purpose, the functions simply compute the sum and multiple of 2 numbers



Now, we can publish the App as follows:

Login ALGOGENE platform
Go to [My History] > [Custom File Viewer]
Upload the local folder "model1" under /lib


Hightlight "model1" and click the "Publish" icon


Specify your desired "Reward", the App's name and description, then "Submit"


ALGOGENE team will take a couple of days to evaluate the quality of your App. Once the App is approved. It will be available on ALGOGENE App Store. Alternatively, you can check all your published Apps under [Settings] > [Algo Marketplace] > [Algo Creator] > [My Published Algo Strategy]


Now, click "Show algo details" in the dropdown


You can click the "pencil" icon to update the App description.


At the botton right, click the "pencil" icon to update the technical doc for calling your App.


For our example, 
		
Endpoint: 'func1.my_add' refers to calling the function 'my_add' in 'func1' module
Body: 'a' and 'b' refers to the input parameters defined in our function 'func1'
Response: specify the structure of our function's output (just a number in our case)
Example: it's better to include some input and output examples





After updated your App Doc, it now looks clear how to call/use your App



How to de-list my App?
You also reserve the right to de-list any of your published Apps.

Go to [Settings] > [Algo Marketplace] > [Algo Creator] > [My Published Algo Strategy]
Click "Delist algo on Marketplace" in dropdown




How to subscribe a new App?
ALGOGENE adopts a "Pay-as-you-go" model which requires you to top-up your wallet balance first. Every time when you call the App API, it will charge automatically from your wallet.

Explore available App from ALGOGENE App Store
If your wallet has sufficient balance, you can follow the App Doc to make an API call to use it on the way.
Otherwise, go to an App page, click "Subscribe" button to top-up your wallet









6
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-02 11:39:39.944715





 Email
 Facebook



 1,179










 
Bumblebee









Thanks for introducing such a great feature on the platform! I am interested to use some of the Apps in my backtest/ live script. Just wanna to know how can I do it.  🙏🙏🙏





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-04 04:00:57.142097












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Bumblebee':  
                                        Thanks for introducing such a great feature on the platform! I am interested to use some of the Apps in my backtest/ live script. Just wanna to know how can I do it.  🙏🙏🙏

This feature is under our development roadmap, and will be launched in 2023 Q1. 





1
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-17 06:36:27.078464












 
Bumblebee










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
This feature is under our development roadmap, and will be launched in 2023 Q1. 

If the app can be import to the backtest/ livetrade environment, that would be perfect ^__^Looking forward to this feature soon! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-18 14:53:39.326848












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
This feature is under our development roadmap, and will be launched in 2023 Q1. 

Hi all, thanks for waiting so long! This feature has been launched. 
Please refer to this article "Guideline to call App function in strategy script" to learn how to implement.






5
0




 Posted on : 2023-01-04 14:27:58.342154















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | 3 Common Order Types You Should Know






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







3 Common Order Types You Should Know
Economy & Market



There are 3 order types that are commonly used in securities trading, namely

Market Order
Limit Order
Stop Order

Different order types can result in vastly different outcomes. It is important to understand how they differ and when to consider each.

What is Market Order?
A market order is to buy or sell at the best available price in the current market. A market order typically ensures an execution, but it does not guarantee a specified price. It is appropriate to use market orders when you want an immediate execution.
A market quote typically includes the highest bid (for sellers) and lowest offer (for buyers). That is, when opening a buy (sell) position using market order, it will try to execute at the best ask (bid) price.


Market orders should be placed during market hours. When markets are closed, placing a market order would either be executed at the next market open or simply rejected by the trading system, depending on your broker's system design. For the previous case, the final execution price could be significantly different from its prior close because many factors can impact the security's price between market sessions, such as the release of earnings, company news, or economic data.

What is Limit Order?
A limit order is to buy or sell with a condition on the maximum price to pay or the minimum price to receive (the "limit price"). If the order is filled, it will only be at the specified limit price or better. However, there is no guarantee of execution. A limit order may be appropriate when you think you can buy at a price lower than (or sell at a price higher than) the current market quote.
From the example below, the last trade price is roughly $138

investor who wants to buy (or sell) immediately would place a market order, which would be executed at or near the current price of $138 (white line) provided that the market was open.
investor who wants to buy the stock when it dropped to $131.78 would place a buy limit order with a limit price of $131.78 (green line). If the price falls to $131.78 or lower, the limit order would be triggered and executed at $131.78 or below. If the stock doesn't drop to $131.78 or below, no execution would occur.
investor who wants to sell the stock when it reached $143.82 would place a sell limit order with a limit price of $143.82 (red line). If the price rises to $143.82 or higher, the limit order would be triggered and executed at $143.82 or above. If the stock doesn't rise to $143.82 or above, no execution would occur.



A few points to pay attention for using limit orders:

Limit orders are generally executed on a first-come-first-served basis. Even if the price reaches the specified limit price, your order may not be filled, because there may be orders ahead of yours that eliminate the availability of shares at the limit price. Further reading about order book mechanism can refer to this article.
The price at which the limit order is executed can be lower (higher) than the limit price for a limit buy (sell) order.
If the limit price is set far away from the current price, the limit order will be unlikely to get fill and hence would still be in effect until we cancel it.


What is Stop Order?
A stop order is to buy or sell at the market price when it has traded at or through a specified price (the "stop price"). If the stock reaches the stop price, the order becomes a market order and is filled at the next available market price. If it doesn't reach the stop price, the order will not be executed.
A stop order may be appropriate in these scenarios:

you want to buy when a stock breaks out above a certain level, and believe that it will continue the trend
your holding stock has risen a lot and you want to protect the gain when it begins to fall

The chart looks similar to the previous one, but the red and green line just reverse. The stop buy order will trigger when the price reaches 143.82 or above, and will execute as a market order at that current price. Thus, if the price rise further after hitting the stop price, it is possible that the order could be executed at a price higher than the stop price. Similarly for the stop sell order, once the stop price of $131.78 is hitted, the order could be executed at a lower price.


How to implement on ALGOGENE?
ALGOGENE is a modern design algorithmic trading platform that provides the feasibility of various order types, including market, limit and stop order.
For market order, we just need to set 'ordertype' to 0.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8    order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
        instrument = 'EURUSD',
        openclose = 'open', 
        buysell = 1,    #1=buy, -1=sell
        ordertype = 0,  #0=market, 1=limit, 2=stop
        volume = 0.01
    )
    self.evt.sendOrder(order)

For limit order, 'ordertype' sets to 1, and 'price' sets to your desired limit price
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9    order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
        instrument = 'EURUSD',
        openclose = 'open', 
        buysell = 1,    #1=buy, -1=sell
        ordertype = 1,  #0=market, 1=limit, 2=stop
        volume = 0.01,
        price = 1.01
    )
    self.evt.sendOrder(order)

For stop order, 'ordertype' sets to 2, and 'price' sets to your desired stop price
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9    order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
        instrument = 'EURUSD',
        openclose = 'open', 
        buysell = 1,    #1=buy, -1=sell
        ordertype = 2,  #0=market, 1=limit, 2=stop
        volume = 0.01,
        price = 1.9
    )
    self.evt.sendOrder(order)


Now, you learnt the difference between market order, limit order and stop order; and got some basic understanding when to consider each.
Happy Trading! :)






2
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-13 12:05:01.059824





 Email
 Facebook



 960










 
Bumblebee









Very clear explanation! Thank you. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-18 14:51:07.320610















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | The Opportunities of a Grid Trading System






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Bumblebee







The Opportunities of a Grid Trading System
Trading Strategy



What is Grid Trading?
Grid trading is a rule-based strategy commonly used in crypto and forex market. It involves setting multiple predetermined price levels above and below a reference price, creating a grid of orders at incrementally increasing and decreasing prices. The price levels resemble gridlines on a grid; hence, the name grid trading.


The buy or sell orders are automatically executed when the price touches such levels. The technique seeks to capitalize on normal price volatility by placing buy and sell orders at certain regular intervals above and below a predefined base price.
There are various form of Grid Trading that makes this strategy applicable for different types of market environments, including trending and sideway market.

How Grid Trading works?
Ranging Market
In ranging market, a trader could place buy limit orders every X points below a reference price, and sell limit orders above. In this example, we set reference price to $10 and a grid size of $2. When market fluctuates within a range, all the limit orders are filled and we can effectively earn 8 price points.


Trend Market
In trend market, a trader could place buy stop orders every X points above a reference price, while also putting sell stop orders every X points below that price. In this example, we set reference price to $10 and a grid size of $2. When price continues to rise, the stop buy orders will get filled. In this example, our unrealized profits would be (22-12) + (22-14) + (22-16) + (22-18) = 28 price point.


What are the advantages?

Relatively Simple: Unlike other trading model which requires various inputs such as economic and fundamental factors, financial projections, etc, grid trading only requires price as input. Users only need to define the number of price levels in the grid, as well as the grid size.
Systematic: Grid Trading strategy is systematic meaning that it doesn't require human judgement and prediction on market direction. Once the grid price levels are set, the strategy can run automatically.
Market Dynamics: Grid Trading is suitable for different market environments, such as trending or ranging market.


Does Grid trading guarantee making profits?
No. All trading strategy has its pros and cons. There won't be a trading strategy that can acheive 100% win rate in long run.

How to enhance a Grid Trading strategy?
Traders can optimise a grid trading strategy by adding risk-management tactics.

Stop Loss: early cut-loss when the market goes against your trades. For example, suppose our grid is initially setup to trade for a ranging market, if market continues to drop without hitting the sell-order level, we will accumulate a large buy position with a large floating loss.
Position Size: reduce the position size is to make sure each individual trade is only a small percentage of the overall portfolio
Moving reference price: if market moves away from the orginal grid range, there will be a portion of opposite orders that are left which have less probability to get filled. Thus, it would better to reset the reference price and to create another set of grid orders.


Conclusion
Grid trading is a rule-based strategy that doesn't predict the market direction. In order to create an effective grid trading strategy, it is important to understand how your chosen market is typically trending or ranging. Also, you need to manage when to take profit and stop loss.






2
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-18 14:44:04.765979





 Email
 Facebook



 1,552










 
Bella









Thanks for sharing this. Just curious how can I decide when to apply the "Ranging Grid" or "Trending Grid"? 





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-04-09 03:56:29.591286















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guideline to setup OTP Authenticator






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guideline to setup OTP Authenticator
How it work



What is OTP Authenticator?
OTP Authenticator is a dynamic password generator for time-based one-time password (OTP). Its working principle is similar to SMS dynamic verification. After binding, a dynamic verification code is generated every 60 seconds. The verification code can be used for security verification of operations such as login, withdrawal, and modification of account settings.

Where to download?
There are various applications available in the market, including:

Google Authenticator
Microsoft Authenticator
Azure Multi-Factor Authentication
Ping Identity
LastPass
Duo Security
Auth0
Authy
SecurID

In this article, we will walk through the procedure using Google Authenticator. If you choose to use other OTP Authenticators, a similar procedure can be done as follows.
In your mobile, search for "Google Authentication" to download and install.

Google Play (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator2&hl=en_US≷=US)
App Store (https://apps.apple.com/us/app/google-authenticator/id388497605)


How to bind with ALGOGENE?

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to [Settings] > [User Profile]
Click "Set" OTP Authenticator



You will get a QR code like this:


Now, go to your mobile, open the "Google Authenticator" app, click "+" to add new binding app


You can either scan the QR above or enter the setup key.
After successful setup, your mobile app will see the linked ALGOGENE account. The token will be refreshed every 60 seconds.


Copy the token and confirm the verification on ALGOGENE.



Great! You now added a higher security level to your ALGOGENE account!






1
0




 Posted on : 2022-12-26 15:29:25.720867





 Email
 Facebook



 945










 
Davis









I suppose Google Authenticator doesn't work in China.  Any alternatives for China user? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-19 14:25:03.519228












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Davis':  
I suppose Google Authenticator doesn't work in China.  Any alternatives for China user? 
                                    
Hi Davis, there are many other alternative that can provide similar function as Google Authenticator. You may also try Microsoft Authenticator. The setup procedure is more or less similar. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-20 03:04:44.080059















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | 订阅策略后, 哪里可以更改止损水平?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Wang







订阅策略后, 哪里可以更改止损水平?
Trading Strategy



大大您好, 第一次在平台上订阅了一个交易策略。从策略介绍中，它提到止损设定为 20%。
由于个人投资比较保守，我可以调整该止损水平吗？如果可以的话，我可以在哪里更改呢？谢谢。






0
0




 Posted on : 2023-01-03 11:39:46.481578





 Email
 Facebook



 707










 
admin










登录 ALGOGENE 平台
在右上角, 进入"真实交易"


在左侧面板中, 转到 "帐户详情"


在下拉列表中, 单击 "帳戶止損設置"


指定您想要的止损水平(以高水资产净值的百分比表示), 然后更新








0
0




 Posted on : 2023-01-03 13:07:23.789261












 
admin









注意:1. 以上设置只是针对帐户整体资金来监控, 对个别头寸/订单没有限制。2. 当所设置的止损出现时, 系统将会平掉所有仓位, 然后关掉程序。你需要按"重新启动"后, 新的交易讯号才会继续执行到你的帐户。3. 如果策略本身有止损机制, 一般不建议投资者另外设置。否则, 有机会影响策略整体表现。





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-01-03 13:30:57.584693















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guideline to call App function in strategy script






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guideline to call App function in strategy script
How it work



Dear all users, we are pleased to announced that ALGOGENE cloud environment now supports calling app functions from ALGOGENE App Store.

As an example, suppose we are interested to use the Fourier Predictor as an indicator for trade decision making.
First of all, we need to create our API key. If you haven't done so, you can simply create from [Settings] > [User Profile] > [System Info]


Next, according to the app's technical implementation, 

Endpoint is https://algogene.com/rest/v1/bot/15/fourier.predict
3 input parameters

instrument
numForc
timestamp



Then, the app function can be initiated under "def start" as follows.
From self.evt.app_init(), we specify the app's endpoint and our API key information. Here, we name the app function variable as "self.app1".
1
2
3
4
5
6
7    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)

        headers = {"user":"xxx", "apikey":"xxx"}
        self.app1 = self.evt.app_init("https://algogene.com/rest/v1/bot/15/fourier.predict", headers=headers)

        self.evt.start()


After that, we can call the app function in the backtest or live script using "self.evt.app_call()".
Refer to line #20-21 below, 

the first input is the app function variable
the second input is the parameter set required for the app

 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)

        headers = {"user":"xxx", "apikey":"xxx"}
        self.app1 = self.evt.app_init("https://algogene.com/rest/v1/bot/15/fourier.predict", headers=headers)

        self.evt.start()

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):
            self.timer = md.timestamp

            params = {"instrument":"AAPL", "numForc":14, "timestamp":md.timestamp}
            res = self.evt.app_call(self.app1, params)

            self.evt.consoleLog(res)


Running above backtest script, we can get the result from 'console' section. 


See, we can successfully get the expected JSON result as mentioned in the technical document!
1
2
3
4{
    "upper": 143.74,
    "lower": 133.67
  }


Now, you know how to call an app function in your strategy script. It might provides new investment insights and indicators for improving your strategy performance! Time to try it yourself now!
Happy Trading! :)






6
0




 Posted on : 2023-01-04 14:38:46.035462





 Email
 Facebook



 969










 
Kelvin Yeung









How does it charge if I call other apps in my script? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-07 02:10:30.968659












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Kelvin Yeung':  
                                        How does it charge if I call other apps in my script? 
                                    
The price for different apps are varying. Please check out App Store for details. When you call the app function in a script, it will charge from your algogene wallet for every 100 requests. If your wallet has insufficient amount, the request will return errors. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-28 13:59:43.553051















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect Trading Account with Bitget






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect Trading Account with Bitget
How it work



ALGOGENE now supports users to trade with Bitget accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!


Open Bitget trading accounts through our partnership link, you will enjoy: 

Up to 2,820 USDT sign up bonus on Bitget
Life-long 10% commission rebate on Bitget
HK$300 free credits on ALGOGENE




This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your Bitget trading account. The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who is Bitget?
Bitget (https://www.bitget.com/) is a crypto exchange and digital assets trading platform headquarted in Singapore. As of the time of writing, Bitget ranks to be the top #10 cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume. It provides more than 500 cryptocurrencies for spot, perpetual, and future trading.

Client Onboarding on Bitget

Sign up on Bitget

From top right dropdown, click "ID Verification" and follow the instructions to complete the KYC process



Create Sub-account
It is advised to create multiple sub-accounts on Bitget to manage different trading strategies.

From top right dropdown, click "Account Information"


Click "Sub-account"


Click "Create Sub-account"


Set "Email" and Password", then click "Confirm"



Create API Key for Sub-account

From top right dropdown, click "Account Information"


Click "Sub-account"


In left panel, you should see it is showing sub-account info. Click "API Management" > "Create new API"


Set up API key
        
Choose which sub-account the API apply to
Set a passphase for the API
Enable Spot and Future trading
"Link IP address" can be left empty
Complete email verification, then click "Next"




Now, your API is created, click "View"


Get your "API Key" and "API Secret"




Create API Key for main account (Optional)
Alternatively, you can create API for the main account as follows:

From top right dropdown, click "API Management"


click "Create new API"


Follow similar procedures for sub-account API above


Config on ALGOGENE

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Choose "Bitget" in broker dropdown
Update the connection settings as follows:

"API Key" -> Your Bitget's API Key
"Password" -> Your Bitget's API Secret
"Passphase" -> Your Bitget's API Passphase





Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with Bitget.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your Bitget linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"


Go to [Setting] > [Algo Market] > [My Subscribed Algo Strategy], you should see your subscribed Algo is active in trading for you. You have the feasibility to "Stop copy trade" and "Start copy trade" at any time.



Happy Trading! :)







8
0




 Posted on : 2023-01-12 13:42:58.692260





 Email
 Facebook



 2,476










 
Tobby Liu









Can I have a Messi signed football for opening Bitget account? ⚽





2
0




 Posted on : 2023-01-13 01:47:19.765602












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Tobby Liu':  
                                        Can I have a Messi signed football for opening Bitget account? ⚽

Believed that you are a fan of Messi. Sorry that this time we don't have this offer. See if we can arrange it in future promotional campaigns. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-01-13 13:42:39.763771












 
Sharwan Patel









Is Bitget safe?





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-01-21 16:38:16.292325












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Sharwan Patel':  
Is Bitget safe?

Biget has implemented the Proof-Of-Reserves (https://www.bitget.com/en/reserveCertificate) mechanism. The information is publicly accessible to guarantee that Bitget will hold 100% of users' assets in reserves. It has a greater transparency compared to other crypto exchanges, and that's why we choose to have partnership with them. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-01-22 05:14:46.939790












 
小霸王









Hi, how to setup for paper trading?





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-05-20 02:54:51.051568












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'\xe5\xb0\x8f\xe9\x9c\xb8\xe7\x8e\x8b':  
                                        Hi, how to setup for paper trading?
                                    
Bitget doesn't have testnet environment right now. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-05-22 01:57:37.904205















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Request for parameter optimization function






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Sharwan Patel







Request for parameter optimization function
Programming



Hi algogene team, I have been using the platform for developing my trading algorithm for almost a year. I am really appreciate how powerful APIs and comprehensive datasets the platform has. But I have a suggestion for further making the platform more developer-friendly. Currently, my strategy has several trading parameter inputs. I need to update the parameters and rerun the script every time to generate the backtest report. And then, manually compare the results to get the optimal parameter set. Thus, I am asking if algogene would be able to further support this function to facilitate the parameter optimization process. 





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-01-21 16:35:33.719395





 Email
 Facebook



 754










 
admin









Hi Sharwan, thanks for your suggestions. We will take it into consideration for next phase development. 





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-01-22 05:08:22.189117












 
Kelvin Yeung










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
                                        Hi Sharwan, thanks for your suggestions. We will take it into consideration for next phase development. 

good to hear that!





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-07 02:09:11.846154












 
admin









Hey, this function has been released recently. Please refer to this article https://algogene.com/community/post/103





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-18 02:52:57.577808















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Quant Trader 究竟點樣入行






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Gary Fung







Quant Trader 究竟點樣入行
Economy & Market



小弟今年final year, 有興趣 Quant Trading 一行發展。想了解下 Quant  人工/就業情況入行有咩要求平時工作會做D咩面試會問D咩, 同埋點準備第一次出post, 希望各位ching 指點下! 





3
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-03 16:15:12.949010





 Email
 Facebook



 1,844










 
Kelvin Yeung









ching 咩background? 識數學, 寫program 係基本嘢。唔係讀呢d major, 連interview 機會都冇喎





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-07 02:08:14.481058












 
Gary Fung










Original Posted by - b'Kelvin Yeung':  
ching 咩background? 識數學, 寫program 係基本嘢。唔係讀呢d major, 連interview 機會都冇喎
                                    
major in statistics, 識基本python, VBA, SAS, R, 有數據分析方面intern experience未做過bank, 會唔會都有機? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-12 13:15:48.669272












 
Davis










Original Posted by - b'Gary Fung':  
                                        major in statistics, 識基本python, VBA, SAS, R, 有數據分析方面intern experience未做過bank, 會唔會都有機? 

I don't think many banks really provide real money for a junior staff/intern like you to trade, unless you have some investment track records.  There are couple ways to do so:trade with your own pocket money, and keep the trade statementsstart with some related jobs, such as risk management, trade support/ operation, etc. it could be a step stone to switch to trader role in the futureparticipate algo-trading competition to gain practical experience and recognition. Like ALGOGENE, they have regular contests every year 





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-19 14:35:36.816676












 
Donald









市場上的Quant大概有以下幾種: (1) Quant TraderQuant Trader在數據中尋找自動交易模式，經Quant Developer開發系統後，直接應用在真實市場上。優勢是接近Money，收入與交易表現掛鉤，劣勢是壓力很大。(2) Quant ResearcherQuant Researcher 要為金融衍生品定價，嘗試發明新的公式和計價模型，優勢是比較有趣(對喜歡這些人來說)，而且你學到很多東西。劣勢是有時會比較難證明有你這個人存在(跟做科學家一樣，沒有研究出什麼大成果基本沒人注意你)(3) Model Validation QuantModel Validation Quant獨立開發計價模型，不過是為了驗證Quant Researcher 開發模型的準確性。優勢是更輕鬆，壓力比較小，劣勢是比較沒有作為而且遠離Money。(4) Quant Developer其實就是美其名的程序員，但收入不錯而且相對容易找到工作。這種工作變化很大，它可能是一直在coding，或者調試其他的大型系統。想進入investment bank 都是為了賺錢，如果想賺取更多收入，你就要靠近那些 ”生產” 錢的地方，作為一個基本原則，靠近錢比遠離錢要來得容易。





6
0




 Posted on : 2023-04-07 03:24:03.931175















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | 哪裡可以查看algo運行情況?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Shum







哪裡可以查看algo運行情況?
Programming



剛剛訂閱了一個algo試用, 請問哪裡可以查看algo是否運作正常?





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-08 09:37:27.193001





 Email
 Facebook



 723










 
admin









以下3個位置都可以查看:



[設定] > [策略市集] > [我的訂閱策略]
"運行狀態" 顯示為 "Active"的話, 代表交易機器人在線運行




[真實交易] > [儀表板], 帳戶狀態在已啟動情況下亦會顯示為 "運行中"




[真實交易] > [帳戶詳情] > [顯示算法詳情]
[系統日誌] 可以查看機器人的系統運行信息












0
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-10 07:00:31.562973















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guideline for Strategy Parameter Optimizer






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guideline for Strategy Parameter Optimizer
Programming



Overview
It is common that a trading algorithm involves a number of user defined trading parameters. To optimize the algorithm's trading performance, developers usually need to tweet the parameters, re-run backtest, and compare the results manually.
ALGOGENE is excited to announce a new system feature to support such parameter optimization process!

Preparation
Before going into the Strategy Optimization function, all we need to do is to develop a backtest script as usual. Let's borrow the code from this article [A simple RSI strategy]. 
  1
  2
  3
  4
  5
  6
  7
  8
  9
 10
 11
 12
 13
 14
 15
 16
 17
 18
 19
 20
 21
 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
 28
 29
 30
 31
 32
 33
 34
 35
 36
 37
 38
 39
 40
 41
 42
 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 49
 50
 51
 52
 53
 54
 55
 56
 57
 58
 59
 60
 61
 62
 63
 64
 65
 66
 67
 68
 69
 70
 71
 72
 73
 74
 75
 76
 77
 78
 79
 80
 81
 82
 83
 84
 85
 86
 87
 88
 89
 90
 91
 92
 93
 94
 95
 96
 97
 98
 99
100
101
102from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
from talib import RSI
import numpy as np


class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.rsi_period = 14
        self.rsi_overbought = 70
        self.rsi_oversold = 30
        self.position = 0
        self.last_tradeID = ""
        self.instrument = "USDJPY"
        
    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()
        
    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):
            # get last 14 closing price
            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar({"instrument":self.instrument}, self.rsi_period+1, "D")
            arr = [res[t]['c'] for t in res]
            
            # calculate the current RSI value
            RSI_cur = RSI(np.array(arr), self.rsi_period)[-1]
            
            # print out RSI value to console
            self.evt.consoleLog("RSI_cur = ", RSI_cur)
            
            # open an order if we have no outstanding position
            if self.position==0:
                
                # open a sell order if it is overbought
                if RSI_cur>self.rsi_overbought:
                    self.open_order(-1)
                    
                # open a buy order if it is oversold
                elif RSI_cur<self.rsi_oversold:
                    self.open_order(1)
            
            # check condition to close an order
            else:
                
                # close a position if we have previously open a buy order and RSI now reverse above 50 
                if self.position>0 and RSI_cur>50:
                    self.close_order()
                
                # close a position if we have previously open a sell order and RSI now reverse below 50 
                elif self.position<0 and RSI_cur<50:
                    self.close_order()
            
            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp


    def open_order(self, buysell):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject()
        order.instrument = self.instrument
        order.openclose = 'open'
        order.buysell = buysell    #1=buy, -1=sell
        order.ordertype = 0  #0=market, 1=limit
        order.volume = 0.01
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)
        
    def close_order(self):
        order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject()
        order.openclose = 'close'
        order.tradeID = self.last_tradeID
        self.evt.sendOrder(order)
        

    def on_bulkdatafeed(self, isSync, bd, ab):
        pass

    def on_newsdatafeed(self, nd):
        pass

    def on_weatherdatafeed(self, wd):
        pass
    
    def on_econsdatafeed(self, ed):
        pass
        
        
    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        # when system confirm an order, update last_tradeID and position
        if of.status=="success":
            self.position += of.fill_volume*of.buysell
            if self.position==0:
                self.last_tradeID = ""
            else:
                self.last_tradeID = of.tradeID
            
    def on_dailyPLfeed(self, pl):
        pass

    def on_openPositionfeed(self, op, oo, uo):
        pass


Optimization

First of all, we need to backtest our strategy script to create a "finished" backtest record. It is to ensure that our base strategy is bug-free.
Go to [My History] > [Finished Backtest], under your base strategy, click "Optimize"



It will load our base strategy in left panel, we then need to set the following, and click "Optimize"

Optimization objective
Optimization method
The parameters set to optimize

from a starting value to the end value inclusively, with an incremental step size
'Value' specifies the initial estimate for the optimization problem





It will take some time for the engine to generate the backtest results. Depending on the complexity of our base strategy and the grid size of our parameter sets, the overall optimization process may ranging from a few minutes to a couple of days.

Upon the optimization process finished, we can obtain the
		
performance summary


visualization charts
cummulative returns






Load optimization results
When we reload [My History] page, the optimization results can be found under the same group ID. We can load to see the backtest result, or compare with other optimization results.


Demo Video





Now, we got a new tool for speed up the algo development process! Happy Trading!






2
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-12 13:08:16.428028





 Email
 Facebook



 1,213










 
Nic C









Cool feature! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-02-15 11:11:00.428531















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect Trading Account with OKX






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect Trading Account with OKX
How it work



ALGOGENE now supports users to trade with OKX accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!


Open OKX trading accounts through our partnership link, you will enjoy:

OKX's Mystery Boxes worth up to $10,000
Lifetime 10% commission rebate for every trade on OKX
HK$300 free credits on ALGOGENE




This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your OKX trading account. The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who is OKX?
OKX (https://www.okx.com//), formerly called OKEx, is a crypto exchange initially headquartered in China and now based in Seychelles. As of the time of writing, OKX ranks to be the top #8 cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume. It offers crypto trading for spot and derivatives including margin, futures, perpetual swaps and options. Other products include: trading bots, block trading, crypto loans, and OKX Earn (savings, stablecoins, DeFi, staking, etc).

Client Onboarding on OKX

Sign up on OKX

From top right dropdown, click "Verification" and follow the instructions to complete the KYC process



Trading Account Configuration
ALGOGENE supports 2 methods to connect with your OKX accounts.

API Key
OAuth


1. For API Key method, 

For connecting real trading accounts, please refer to this section.
For connecting demo trading accounts, please refer to this section.

Config on ALGOGENE

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Choose "OKX" in broker dropdown
Update the connection settings as follows:

"API Key" -> Your OKX's API Key
"Password" -> Your OKX's API Secret
"Passphase" -> Your OKX's API Passphase






2. For OAuth method, 

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' page
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Choose "OKX (OAuth)" in broker dropdown


You will be redirected to OKX official website


Login with your OKX sub-account or main account, then approve binding with ALGOGENE


After successful authorization on OKX, you will get back to ALGOGENE and the connection is done!


Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with OKX.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your OKX linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"



Happy Trading! :)






6
0




 Posted on : 2023-03-01 01:58:12.362503





 Email
 Facebook



 6,170










 
admin









This section is about Real Trading Account setup!

Create Real-Trading Sub-account
It is advised to create multiple sub-accounts on OKX to manage different trading strategies.

From top right dropdown, click "Sub-account"


Click "Create Sub-account"


Set "Login ID", "Password"
"Account Type" chooses "Standard sub-account"



Create API Key for Real-Trading Sub-account

From top right dropdown, click "Sub-account"


Click "Action", then "Manage API"


Click "Create API Key"


Click "Binding third-party apps", and choose "Algogene" in App name dropdown
Set "API Name", "Passphase", enable "Trade" permission, then click "Confirm"


Get your "API Key" and "API Secret"



Create API Key for main account (Optional)
Alternatively, if you want the trade happens in your master account, you can create the main account API as follows:

From top right dropdown, click "API"


click "Create API Key"


Follow similar procedures for sub-account API above






5
0




 Posted on : 2023-03-01 02:01:03.739515












 
admin









This section is about Demo Trading Account setup!

Create Demo-Trading Sub-account

In top navigation bar, click "Trade" > "Demo Trading"


In top right corner, click "Sub-account"


Click "+Create Sub-account"


Set "Login ID", "Password"
"Account Type" chooses "Standard sub-account"



Create API Key for Paper-Trading Sub-account

In top navigation bar, click "Trade" > "Demo Trading"



Click "+Create Sub-account"


Under an sub-account, click "Action" > "Manage API"


Click "Create API Key for demo-trading"


Click "Binding third-party apps", and choose "Algogene" in App name dropdown
Set "API Name", "Passphase", enable "Trade" permission, then click "Confirm"


Get your "API Key" and "API Secret"







6
0




 Posted on : 2023-03-01 02:01:15.021895












 
user









hello to you, well I have always been interested in the different advantages that are presented to us for the creation of the account with the partnership link. Can you please tell me when does a client receive the bonuses mentioned above in this post by creating a trading account through this partnership link. Is this after making a deposit in this created account or after having deployed a trading strategy for this account or just after the creation of the trading account by your partnership link.





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-04-11 14:02:56.855103












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'user':  
hello to you, well I have always been interested in the different advantages that are presented to us for the creation of the account with the partnership link. Can you please tell me when does a client receive the bonuses mentioned above in this post by creating a trading account through this partnership link. Is this after making a deposit in this created account or after having deployed a trading strategy for this account or just after the creation of the trading account by your partnership link.

As mentioned in the beginning of the articles, there will be 3 bonuses when opening OKX account using our partnership link:OKX's Mystery Boxes worth up to $10,000Lifetime 10% commission rebate for every trade on OKXHK$300 free credits on ALGOGENEThe bonuses will be distributed in the following way:For OKX Mystery Boxes, after deposit on your OKX account, you will automatically get it. For the 10% rebate, the commission of each transaction will be automatically adjusted when you start trading on OKX. For ALGOGENE free credits, our system will credit to applicable users by a monthly batch. If you opened OKX account using our link within the month, the HK$300 will be credit to your ALGOGENE wallet by the month end date. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-04-12 14:09:36.735283












 
user










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
                                        As mentioned in the beginning of the articles, there will be 3 bonuses when opening OKX account using our partnership link:OKX's Mystery Boxes worth up to $10,000Lifetime 10% commission rebate for every trade on OKXHK$300 free credits on ALGOGENEThe bonuses will be distributed in the following way:For OKX Mystery Boxes, after deposit on your OKX account, you will automatically get it. For the 10% rebate, the commission of each transaction will be automatically adjusted when you start trading on OKX. For ALGOGENE free credits, our system will credit to applicable users by a monthly batch. If you opened OKX account using our link within the month, the HK$300 will be credit to your ALGOGENE wallet by the month end date. 

Merci !





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-04-13 09:49:01.972359















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Implement Grid Trading Strategy in Python






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Bumblebee







Implement Grid Trading Strategy in Python
Trading Strategy



Hello everyone! This post is all about implementing a Grid Trading strategy on ALGOGENE. If you are interested to learn how this strategy works or if you are a new joiner of the platform, this post is for you!

What is Grid Trading?
A Grid Trading Strategy places a set of buy and sell orders in regular intervals above and below the current price. As the price ranges up and down, long and short orders are being executed and will generate a profit as the price continues to move up and down the grid.
There are 2 versions of grid strategy for

Ranging Market
Trend Market

For more details, you can refer to my previous post "The Opportunities of a Grid Trading System".

Trading Logic
In this post, I will show you how to implement a grid trading strategy for ranging market. The trading logic goes as follows:




Define our grid strategy parameters:
		
Grid Size: 1%
Number of grid: 5
Take profit: 1% above and below the grid
Stop loss: 1% above and below the grid
Grid reset period: 7 days


We will use the Chop Indicator to determine whether the current market is trend or ranging.
If current market is ranging, then we open 5 buy and 5 sell limit orders above and below the current market price, and also to set correponding take profit and stoploss level 1% above and below the limit price.
We will reset the grid every 7 days and cancel any unfilled limit orders.


Step 1. Calculate Chop series
First of all, we define the grid parameters at initialization.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import numpy as np
import pandas as pd
import pandas_ta as ta

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.grid_setup_time = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.grid_size_pct = 0.01
        self.grid_num = 5
        self.tp_pct = 0.01
        self.sl_pct = 0.01
        self.numObs = 30
        self.is_runningGrid = False
        self.trade_size = 0.1
        


We use the API function getHistoricalBar to collect historical observations. Then, we apply a python library 'pandas_ta.chop' to calculate the chop series.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27    def compute_CHOP(self, data):
        high = [data[t]['h'] for t in data]
        low = [data[t]['l'] for t in data]
        close = [data[t]['c'] for t in data]
        df = pd.DataFrame.from_dict({"high":high,"low":low,"close":close})
        chop_series = ta.chop(high=df['high'], low=df['low'], close=df['close'], length=14, atr_length=1)
        return chop_series.to_numpy()


    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):
            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp

            # get recent OHLC bars
            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar(
                contract = {"instrument":md.instrument}, 
                numOfBar = self.numObs, 
                interval = "D"
            )
            if len(res)<self.numObs:
                return

            chop_series = self.compute_CHOP(res)

            self.evt.consoleLog(chop_series)


Step 2. Determine ranging market and setup grid
The chop indicator is a value between 0 to 100. It is said to be in a ranging market when the value is closed to 100, while it is a trend market if the value is closed to 0.
Thus, in below logic (i.e. line 21-23), we regard the market is in a ranging zone when the previous chop value is below 50 and current value is above 50.
The setup of limit buy order grid refer to line 32-45; limit sell order grid in line 47-60.

 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):
            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp

            # get recent OHLC bars
            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar(
                contract = {"instrument":md.instrument}, 
                numOfBar = self.numObs, 
                interval = "D"
            )
            if len(res)<self.numObs:
                return

            chop_series = self.compute_CHOP(res)

            self.evt.consoleLog(chop_series)

            # check if ranging or trending market
            is_ranging = True
            if chop_series[-1]>50 and chop_series[-2]<=50:
                is_ranging = False

            # setup new grid for is_ranging market
            if not self.is_runningGrid and is_ranging:
                self.is_runningGrid = True
                self.grid_setup_time = md.timestamp

                for i in range(1,self.grid_num+1):

                    # buy limit order
                    price = md.bidPrice*(1-i*self.grid_size_pct)
                    #ask = md.askPrice*(1-i*self.grid_size_pct)
                    order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                        instrument = md.instrument,
                        openclose = 'open',
                        buysell = 1,    # 1=buy, -1=sell
                        ordertype = 1,      # 1=limit order
                        price = price,
                        volume = self.trade_size,
                        takeProfitLevel = price*(1+self.tp_pct),
                        stopLossLevel = price*(1-self.sl_pct)
                    )
                    self.evt.sendOrder(order)
                    
                    # sell limit order
                    #bid = md.bidPrice*(1+i*self.grid_size_pct)
                    price = md.askPrice*(1+i*self.grid_size_pct)
                    order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                        instrument = md.instrument,
                        openclose = 'open',
                        buysell = -1,    # 1=buy, -1=sell
                        ordertype = 1,      # 1=limit order
                        price = price,
                        volume = self.trade_size,
                        takeProfitLevel = price*(1-self.tp_pct),
                        stopLossLevel = price*(1+self.sl_pct)
                    )
                    self.evt.sendOrder(order)


Step 3. Reset grid
In our strategy logic, we will reset our grid every 7 days. In our "reset_grid()" function, it will cancel all unfilled orders..

 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24    def reset_grid(self):
        # cancel all unfilled order
        positions, osOrder, pendOrder = self.evt.getSystemOrders()
        for tradeID in pendOrder:
            order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                tradeID=tradeID,
                openclose='cancel'
            )
            self.evt.sendOrder(order)


    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):
            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp

            # ....

            # reset grid 
            if md.timestamp>self.grid_setup_time+timedelta(days=7):
                self.grid_setup_time = md.timestamp
                self.reset_grid()
                self.is_runningGrid = False


Full Source Code
Combining all above, the full script is presented below.
  1
  2
  3
  4
  5
  6
  7
  8
  9
 10
 11
 12
 13
 14
 15
 16
 17
 18
 19
 20
 21
 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
 28
 29
 30
 31
 32
 33
 34
 35
 36
 37
 38
 39
 40
 41
 42
 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 49
 50
 51
 52
 53
 54
 55
 56
 57
 58
 59
 60
 61
 62
 63
 64
 65
 66
 67
 68
 69
 70
 71
 72
 73
 74
 75
 76
 77
 78
 79
 80
 81
 82
 83
 84
 85
 86
 87
 88
 89
 90
 91
 92
 93
 94
 95
 96
 97
 98
 99
100
101
102
103
104
105
106
107from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import numpy as np
import pandas as pd
import pandas_ta as ta

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.grid_setup_time = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.grid_size_pct = 0.01
        self.grid_num = 5
        self.tp_pct = 0.01
        self.sl_pct = 0.01
        self.numObs = 30
        self.is_runningGrid = False
        self.trade_size = 0.1
        
    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()
    
    def compute_CHOP(self, data):
        high = [data[t]['h'] for t in data]
        low = [data[t]['l'] for t in data]
        close = [data[t]['c'] for t in data]
        df = pd.DataFrame.from_dict({"high":high,"low":low,"close":close})
        chop_series = ta.chop(high=df['high'], low=df['low'], close=df['close'], length=14, atr_length=1)
        return chop_series.to_numpy()

    def reset_grid(self):
        # cancel all unfilled order
        positions, osOrder, pendOrder = self.evt.getSystemOrders()
        for tradeID in pendOrder:
            order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                tradeID=tradeID,
                openclose='cancel'
            )
            self.evt.sendOrder(order)


    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # execute stratey every 24 hours
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):
            # update timer
            self.timer = md.timestamp

            # get recent OHLC bars
            res = self.evt.getHistoricalBar(
                contract = {"instrument":md.instrument}, 
                numOfBar = self.numObs, 
                interval = "D"
            )
            if len(res)<self.numObs:
                return

            chop_series = self.compute_CHOP(res)

            self.evt.consoleLog(chop_series)

            # check if ranging or trending market
            is_ranging = True
            if chop_series[-1]>50 and chop_series[-2]<=50:
                is_ranging = False

            # setup new grid for is_ranging market
            if not self.is_runningGrid and is_ranging:
                self.is_runningGrid = True
                self.grid_setup_time = md.timestamp

                for i in range(1,self.grid_num+1):

                    # buy limit order
                    price = md.bidPrice*(1-i*self.grid_size_pct)
                    #ask = md.askPrice*(1-i*self.grid_size_pct)
                    order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                        instrument = md.instrument,
                        openclose = 'open',
                        buysell = 1,    # 1=buy, -1=sell
                        ordertype = 1,      # 1=limit order
                        price = price,
                        volume = self.trade_size,
                        takeProfitLevel = price*(1+self.tp_pct),
                        stopLossLevel = price*(1-self.sl_pct)
                    )
                    self.evt.sendOrder(order)
                    
                    # sell limit order
                    #bid = md.bidPrice*(1+i*self.grid_size_pct)
                    price = md.askPrice*(1+i*self.grid_size_pct)
                    order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                        instrument = md.instrument,
                        openclose = 'open',
                        buysell = -1,    # 1=buy, -1=sell
                        ordertype = 1,      # 1=limit order
                        price = price,
                        volume = self.trade_size,
                        takeProfitLevel = price*(1-self.tp_pct),
                        stopLossLevel = price*(1+self.sl_pct)
                    )
                    self.evt.sendOrder(order)

            # reset grid 
            if md.timestamp>self.grid_setup_time+timedelta(days=7):
                self.grid_setup_time = md.timestamp
                self.reset_grid()
                self.is_runningGrid = False


Strategy Result
Let's try backtesting the script.
Backtest Settings:

Instrument: BTCUSD
Period: 2021.01 - 2021.12
Initial Capital: US$100,000
Data Interval: 1-hour bar
Allow Shortsell: True


Backtest Result:







2
0




 Posted on : 2023-03-07 07:32:57.566261





 Email
 Facebook



 3,298













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | The pros and cons of ChatGPT in FinTech






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
David







The pros and cons of ChatGPT in FinTech
Economy & Market



The recent hottest topic must be ChatGPT, which is a text-based artificial intelligence tool launched by OpenAI on November 30, 2022. It is a chatbot based on natural language processing technology. It can provide relevant answers and suggestions based on users' questions and needs. In the field of financial technology, ChatGPT will bring many opportunities and benefits to banks, insurance companies and investment companies, but it also comes with some risks. This article will explore the pros and cons for applying ChatGPT in the financial industry.



In terms of benefits:

Enhance Customer Experience: ChatGPT can provide personalized answers and suggestions according to users' questions and needs, further improving customer experience. For financial institutions such as banks and insurance companies, ChatGPT can help customers solve common problems, reduce customer waiting time, and improve customer satisfaction.

Improve Work Efficiency: ChatGPT can automatically answer common questions, reducing the waste of human resources and saving costs for enterprises. For investment companies, ChatGPT can help investors quickly understand market dynamics and improve the efficiency of investment decisions.

Smart Investment Advice: ChatGPT could provide smart investment advice based on investors' risk preferences and investment goals. This can help investors formulate personalized investment plans and reduce investment risks.

Market Forecasting Ability: ChatGPT can analyze and predict based on a large amount of market data, and improve market forecasting ability. This is very useful for financial institutions to formulate more accurate investment strategies.

Popularization of Investment: ChatGPT can help ordinary customers understand financial knowledge and investment products. It helps financial institutions such as banks and insurance companies to expand their customer base and promote financial knowledge and products.

Utilization of Data: ChatGPT can analyze and predict based on a large amount of data. It helps financial institutions to make good use of collected data to better understand market dynamics and customer needs, so as to develop more effective strategies and products.


In terms of potential risks, we should pay attention to:

Information Security Risk: ChatGPT can record users' questions and answers, and further collect users' personal information. If ChatGPT is hacked, users' personal information may be stolen, resulting in information security risks.

Misleading Information: if ChatGPT makes mistakes or is manipulated by humans and provides misleading information, it will have a negative impact on users.

Out of Control: ChatGPT is a chat robot based on artificial intelligence technology. If artificial intelligence is out of control, it may have a significant impact on the financial market.

Privacy Issue: ChatGPT can collect users' personal information. If this information is used improperly, it will have a serious impact on users' privacy, and even violate personal privacy laws.

Training Data Issue: ChatGPT's answers and suggestions are based on training data. If there is a deviation in these data, it will affect the stability of outputs.


All in all, ChatGPT, as a chatbot based on natural language processing technology, has broad application prospects in the field of financial technology. Through ChatGPT, financial institutions can improve customer experience, improve work efficiency and provide intelligent investment advice and other possibilities. However, ChatGPT also has problems such as security risks, misleading information, and the risk of artificial intelligence out of control. Therefore, financial institutions need to ensure the normal operation of ChatGPT through technology and monitoring to ensure that the impact of ChatGPT is positive. At the same time, the development and application of ChatGPT also need to follow ethical principles to ensure that the development of artificial intelligence technology is safe and sustainable.






1
0




 Posted on : 2023-03-13 08:42:06.080013





 Email
 Facebook



 1,420










 
Bella









Is ChatGPT reliable for making investment decision?





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-04-09 03:49:49.167064












 
user










Original Posted by - b'Bella':  
                                        Is ChatGPT reliable for making investment decision?
                                    
on the research and sources available on the topic, it appears that ChatGPT can be a useful tool for investors, but it also has its limitations. While it may provide valuable insights and analysis, it is not a substitute for conducting thorough research and due diligence before making any investment decisions. Ultimately, the decision to rely on ChatGPT or any other investment tool should be based on a careful consideration of its strengths and weaknesses, as well as an investor's individual needs and goals.






0
0




 Posted on : 2023-07-18 09:33:28.682204















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Introduce the ALGOGENE Affiliate Program






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Introduce the ALGOGENE Affiliate Program
How it work





What is ALGOGENE Affiliate Program?
The ALGOGENE Affiliate Program offers different commission rates for you to invite users to register and trade on ALGOGENE. When someone purchase on ALGOGENE with your referral code, you will receive a commission of the sales.

Who can apply for the ALGOGENE Affiliate Program?
We welcome all community managers and content creators to become ALGOGENE Affiliate partners. The program is suitable if you are/have

Individual: with personal social media accounts (facebook, youtube, twitter, instagram, tiktok, etc)
Opinion Leader: manage your community channel of members, subscribers and followers
Corporate: influencer agencies, financial media platform, trading community, etc


What are the benefits of joining ALGOGENE Affiliate Program?
You can receive a 10% base referral bonus when you join the program. That means you can get 10% of the sales commission from the users you invite.
The referral commission will be reviewed annually. If you can refer 100+ new users with US$10,000+ referred sales in the previous year, the referral bonus can be increased up to 50%. You can also provide some rebate from your referral commission to your invitee.

How to get start?

Sign up an ALGOGENE account if you haven't done so

Go to [Settings] > [Affiliate] > [Partner], create new affiliate



Setup the commission/rebate rate between you and your invitee



Share the referral code to your network and monitor your referee's transactions. When someone input your referral code and purchase on ALGOGENE, the invitee will get certain rebate in the form of discount, and you will get the referral fee according to the defined affiliate scheme.




Is there limitation on the number of invitee?
No, there is no limit to the number of people you can refer or the amount you can earn. You can refer as many people as you can. The more people you refer to ALGOGENE, the higher potential income you could earn.

How does it different from ALGOGENE Referral Porgram?
For ALGOGENE Referral program, your referral link establish a life-long linkage between you and your invitee.

When your friends sign-up an ALGOGENE account using your referral link, you both will get HK$200 as a sign-up bonus.
When your invitee purchase any products on ALGOGENE in the future, you will be entitled to 10% of the purchased amount.

For ALGOGENE Affiliate Program,

you can create multiple referral codes for different promotional campaigns in your community
you also have the feasibility to determine the rebate rate for your invitee to increase the sales


How do I get the referral bonus?
Your bonus will be accumulated on your ALGOGENE wallet, and you can later withdraw them to your bank account.
To withdraw the bonus, you need to provide your bank account information as follows.

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to [Settings] > [My Wallet] > [Wallet Connection]



Click "Create" button under Stripe, and register your bank account information




When will I receive my referral bonus?
Your bonus will be accumulated on your ALGOGENE wallet. You can withdraw them anytime when the accumulated amount is greater than HK$800 or equivalent.
To withdraw the bonus, you can do it as follows:

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to [Settings] > [My Wallet] > [Wallet Balance]
Click "Withdraw" button



The bank transfer process may take 3-5 business days to complete. There will also be 5% handling fee involved for the bank transfer


Can I make a purchase on ALGOGENE using the referral bonus?
Yes, apart from withdrawing the bonus, you can also spend it across ALGOGENE platform.

Do you provide any marketing materials?
Yes, there are various marketing materials available on https://algogene.com/referral#marketing. You are welcome to use or create with your own.






6
0




 Posted on : 2023-03-24 11:41:11.773241





 Email
 Facebook



 1,663













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to query current account balance in backtest?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
⚡比卡超⚡







How to query current account balance in backtest?
Programming



Hey, I am new to the platform. As title, how can I get current account balance in backtest? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-04-06 15:05:09.671541





 Email
 Facebook



 789










 
admin










There are several ways to do that:


Extract from 'ab' under on_marketdatafeed. Other attributes of 'ab' includes 'realizedPL', 'unrealizedPL', 'cumDeposit', 'marginUsed', and 'availableBalance'. Please refer to the details at https://algogene.com/TechDoc#StreamDataFeed 



Similarly, you can extract from 'ab' under on_bulkdatafeed. 


You can call the API function 'getAccountBalance'









0
0




 Posted on : 2023-04-07 02:59:09.659568















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | All you need to know about DAO: The Future of Organizations






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







All you need to know about DAO: The Future of Organizations
Economy & Market



Centralized organizations have led the way for the development and expansion of the internet over the past two decades. Decentralization is a hot topic in the tech industry right now as the internet evolves into Web 3.0. The topic of how organizations will look in the future within the context of a decentralized internet comes in the midst of these conversations. Decentralized autonomous organizations (DAO), might be the way businesses operate in the future.


What are DAOs?
Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO), is a type of organization that operates without the need for centralized control. They are basically as a digitally native group owned and managed by like–minded individuals collaborating and coordinating together, governed by a set of rules encoded in smart contracts on a blockchain, for a specific purpose. This allows for greater transparency, security, and autonomy in decision-making processes, as well as increased efficiency and cost-effectiveness. DAOs have been used for a variety of purposes, including managing decentralized finance protocols, creating digital art, and running open-source software projects.

Background
The concept of DAOs emerged in 2013, when a group of individuals proposed a decentralized crowdfunding platform called "The DAO" (short for Decentralized Autonomous Organization). The DAO was designed to be a new type of investment fund, where investors could vote on proposals and decisions using blockchain technology. In 2016, The DAO raised over $150 million in an initial coin offering (ICO), making it the largest crowdfunded project at the time.
However, The DAO was later compromised by a hacker, who exploited a vulnerability in the smart contracts and siphoned off millions of dollars worth of Ether. This led to a contentious hard fork of the Ethereum network, with some members of the community supporting a rollback of the blockchain to recover the stolen funds, while others argued that this went against the principles of decentralization and immutability.
Despite the controversy surrounding The DAO, the concept of DAOs continued to gain traction, with numerous projects and platforms being developed in the years following. Today, DAOs are seen as a promising tool for decentralized governance and decision-making, with potential applications in fields such as finance, art, gaming, and more.

Characteristics of DAOs
DAOs differ from traditional organizations in a number of ways:




DAO
Traditional Organization




Usually flat, and fully democratized
Usually hierachical


Voting required by members for any changes to be implemented
Depending on structure, changes can be demanded from a sole party, or voting may be offered


Votes tallied, and outcome implemented automatically without trusted intermediary
if voting allowed, votes are tallied internally, and outcome of voting must be handled manually


Services offered are handled automatically in a decentralized manner (for example distribution of philanthropic funds)
Requires human handling, or centrally controlled automation, prone to manupulation


All activitiy is transparent and fully public
Activity is typically private, and limited to the public




Different types of DAOs
There are different types of DAOs, each with its own unique characteristics and goals. Some of the most common types include:

Investment DAOs: These are DAOs that manage investment funds, allowing members to pool their resources and make collective investment decisions.
Service DAOs: These are DAOs that provide a specific service or product, such as digital art, gaming, or social media.
Governance DAOs: These are DAOs that focus on decentralized governance, allowing members to propose and vote on changes to the organization's rules or policies.
Decentralized Finance (DeFi) DAOs: These are DAOs that operate within the decentralized finance ecosystem, providing financial services such as lending, borrowing, and trading.
Social DAOs: These are DAOs that focus on creating social impact or promoting specific causes, such as environmental sustainability, education, or social justice.
Research DAOs: These are DAOs that focus on research and development in a specific field, such as science, technology, or medicine.





DAO memberships
There are different types of DAO memberships, each with its own set of rights and responsibilities. Some of the most common types include:

Token holders: These are members who own tokens that represent a stake in the DAO. Token holders may have the right to vote on proposals, receive rewards or dividends, or participate in other aspects of the DAO's decision-making process.
Contributors: These are members who contribute to the DAO in some way, such as by providing work, services, or resources. Contributors may be compensated in tokens, rewards, or other forms of value.
Curators: These are members who are responsible for managing the DAO's content or assets, such as in a digital art or gaming DAO.
Validators: These are members who are responsible for validating transactions on the DAO's blockchain, typically in a proof-of-stake or proof-of-work consensus model.
Core team members: These are members who are responsible for managing the day-to-day operations of the DAO, such as in a governance or service DAO.
Advisors: These are members who provide guidance or expertise to the DAO, such as in a research or social DAO.


Why are DAOs important?
DAOs are important for a number of reasons:

Decentralization: DAOs represent a shift away from traditional, centralized organizational structures, promoting greater autonomy, transparency, and efficiency.
Innovation: DAOs enable new forms of collaboration and value creation, unlocking new opportunities for innovation and experimentation.
Community: DAOs are often built around shared interests or values, creating tight-knit communities of like-minded individuals who can work together to achieve common goals.
Trust: By operating on a public blockchain and using transparent, rules-based decision-making processes, DAOs build trust among their members and promote accountability.
Inclusivity: DAOs are open to anyone with an internet connection, providing a level playing field for participation and minimizing barriers to entry.


Challenges & Limitations
While DAOs offer a number of potential advantages, there are also several challenges and limitations to consider:

Technical complexity: Building and operating a DAO can be technically complex, requiring expertise in blockchain development, smart contract design, and decentralized governance.
Legal and regulatory issues: The legal and regulatory framework for DAOs is still evolving, and there may be uncertainty around how they are treated under existing laws and regulations.
Governance challenges: DAOs rely on decentralized decision-making processes, which can be difficult to manage and coordinate effectively. There may be challenges around reaching consensus, managing conflicts, and ensuring that decisions are made fairly and transparently.
Security risks: DAOs are vulnerable to cyber attacks and hacking attempts, particularly if they are not properly designed and secured.
Adoption barriers: Despite their potential benefits, DAOs may face adoption barriers, particularly if they are unfamiliar or difficult to use for non-technical users.


Summary
DAOs represent a new paradigm in organizational design, governance, and decision-making, opening up new possibilities for collaboration, innovation, and community-building. However, the concept of DAOs will need to continue to evolve and mature, with ongoing research and development focused on improving their security, usability, and governance structures. Additionally, collaboration between developers, legal experts, and policymakers will be necessary to ensure that DAOs are able to operate safely, securely, and within the bounds of applicable laws and regulations.







0
0




 Posted on : 2023-04-10 01:56:35.283302





 Email
 Facebook



 1,326













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guideline to publish your dataset on Data Marketplace






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guideline to publish your dataset on Data Marketplace
How it work



This article addresses some frequently asked questions (FAQ) related to ALGOGENE Data Marketplace, and provides step-by-step guidance for developers how to publish your research datasets.


What is ALGOGENE Data Marketplace?
We believe in a collaborative open data that could create larger social benefits. ALGOGENE Data Marketplace showcases a variety of research datasets contributed by our community users. Supported by ALGOGENE's secure infrastructure and connectivity, it enables data scientists and business intelligence to get access for research and development in different areas.

What are the benefits to publish/subscribe on Data Marketplace?
As a Data provider, you can benefit from:

feasible to define your revenue model
scale to global audience as a distribution channel
speed up commericalization from well established infrastructure

On the other hand, for Data consumers, it helps you to

reduce the time in data sourcing and accelerate your research journey
access to proprietary datasets that is not publicly available
broaden your development and trial scope
fast integration to your system
cost saving to launch/prototype your project


Who are eligible to publish Data?
We emphasize community collaboration. Therefore, both individuals and institutions are welcome to publish your own datasets.

How the Data are managed on ALGOGENE Data Marketplace?
ALGOGENE provides common and transparent data centric environments for data, algorithms and knowledge sharing between industries, developers, researchers while protecting IP ownership and privacy.

How many Data can I publish or subscribe?
There is no limitation. You can publish/subscribe as many Data as you want.

How much revenue can I get for publishing my Data?
You have the feasibility to determine the price of your Data. It will be quoted in a certain Hong Kong Dollar for each download of your Data.
i.e. HK$ P / download
When you list your application, the price P will be determined by you.

When and how will I get the revenue when someone download my Data?
Stripe is our payment agent to send the money to you. To receive your entitled revenue, you will need to firstly register your bank account information under [Settings] > [My Wallet] > [Wallet Connection] > "Create Stripe".


When someone download your Data, the revenue will firstly deposited to your ALGOGENE Wallet. You can check the balance under [Settings] > [My Wallet] > [Wallet Balance].

Withdrawal can be done as long as the wallet balance reaches at least HK$800.
There will be 15% of your Data revenue splited to ALGOGENE for system infrastructure setup and maintenance.




How to publish a new Data?
Suppose we have some data files in a local machine, which can be in any file formats such as ZIP, CSV, TXT, XLSX.


Now, we can publish the Data as follows:

Login ALGOGENE platform
Go to [My History] > [Custom File Viewer]
Upload the local folder "dataset1" under /data
Hightlight "dataset1" and click the "Publish" icon


Specify your desired "Reward", the Data's name and description, then "Submit"


ALGOGENE team will take a couple of days to evaluate the quality of your Data. Once the Data is approved. It will be available on ALGOGENE Data Marketplace. Alternatively, you can check all your published datasets under [Settings] > [Algo Marketplace] > [Algo Creator] > [My Published Algo/ Apps/ Datasets]



Now, click "Show details" in the dropdown


You can click the "pencil" icon to update your Data description, eg. what files are available in your datasets.


The technical document will automatically be generated to inform users how to call/download your Data




How to de-list my Data?
You also reserve the right to de-list any of your published Data.

Go to [Settings] > [Algo Marketplace] > [Algo Creator] > [My Published Algo/ Apps/ Datasets]
Click "Delist from Marketplace" in dropdown




How to subscribe a new Data?
ALGOGENE adopts a "Pay-as-you-go" model which requires you to top-up your wallet balance first. Every time when you call the Data API, it will charge automatically from your wallet.

Explore available Data from ALGOGENE Data Marketplace
If your wallet has sufficient balance, you can follow the technical document directly to make an API call to use it on the way.
Otherwise, go to an Data page, click "Subscribe" button to top-up your wallet first









0
0




 Posted on : 2023-04-19 09:37:31.413585





 Email
 Facebook



 773













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | 10 Common Statistical Models You Should Know






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
tony lam







10 Common Statistical Models You Should Know
Quantitative Model



Here presents the 10 most commonly used statistical models/algorithms every Quants and AI developers should know.

Linear Regression
Logistic Regression
Decision Tree
K-Nearest Neighbour
K-Means Clustering
Support Vector Machine
Principal Component Analysis
Naive Bayes
Artificial Neural Network
Adaptive Boosting




1. Linear Regression
Linear regression is a process for modelling the linear relationship between a scalar response (dependent variable) and one or more explanatory variables (independent variables).
In simple linear regression, we try to find the best fitting line that describes the relationship between one independent variable and one dependent variable. The independent variable is used to predict the dependent variable, and the line of best fit is used to estimate the value of the dependent variable based on the value of the independent variable.
To estimate the line of best fit, we can use the least squares method, which minimizes the sum of the squared differences between the predicted values and the actual values.






Pros
Cons






Easy to implement and fast to train
Performs well when dataset is linearly separable
Overfitting can be avoid by variable transformation




Dataset is assumed to be independent which is rare in real life
Sensitive to outliners
Prone to noise and overfitting






2. Logistic Regression
Logistic regression is used to model binary outcomes (i.e. only two possible values, usually 0 or 1) with one or more independent variables. It is based on the logistic function, which transforms a linear combination of the predictor variables into a probability value between 0 and 1. The logistic regression algorithm estimates the coefficients of the predictor variables that maximize the likelihood of the observed data.
Logistic regression can also be extended to handle more complex scenarios, such as multinomial logistic regression for multiple categories or ordinal logistic regression for ordered categories.






Pros
Cons






Easy to implement and fast to train
Less prone to over-fitting but it can overfit in high dimensional datasets
Efficient when the dataset has features that are linearly separable




Dataset is assumed to be independent which is rare in real life
Can only be used to predict discrete functions
Should not be used when the number of observations are lesser than the number of features






3. Decision Tree
A decision tree model is used to make decisions by visually representing a sequence of decisions and their possible consequences. It is a type of supervised learning algorithm that can be used for both classification and regression problems. Decision trees are constructed by recursively splitting the data into smaller subsets based on a set of decision rules, with each split being made to maximize the information gain or minimize the impurity of the resulting subsets.
Decision trees are popular in machine learning because they are easy to understand and interpret, and they can handle both numerical and categorical data. They can be used for a variety of applications, such as predicting customer churn, diagnosing medical conditions, and identifying credit risk. Additionally, decision trees can be used in an ensemble of models, such as random forests and gradient boosting, to improve their predictive power.






Pros
Cons






Easy to visualize and explain
Can solve non-linear problem
Can work on high-dimensional data with excellent accuracy




Calculations can get very complicated
A small change in the data can lead to a large change in the struture of the optimal tree
Prone to overfitting






4. K-Nearest Neighbour (KNN)
K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) is a non-parametric machine learning algorithm that can be used for both classification and regression problems. It is based on the assumption that similar things are near to each other. The algorithm works by finding the K nearest data points in the training set to the new data point, and then assigning the classification or regression value based on the majority vote or average of the K nearest neighbors.
KNN is a simple and intuitive algorithm that does not make any assumptions about the underlying data distribution. It can handle both numerical and categorical data and can be used for both binary and multi-class classification problems. However, the algorithm can be computationally expensive as the number of training data points increases, and it may not work well with high-dimensional data.






Pros
Cons






Can make prediction without training
Can be used for both classification and regression
Efficient in calculation




Does not work well with large dataset
Sensitive to noise, missing values and outliners
Need feature scaling
Choose the correct K value






5. K-Means Clustering
K-Means Clustering is an unsupervised machine learning algorithm used to partition a dataset into a set of K clusters based on the similarity of the data points. The algorithm works by iteratively assigning data points to the nearest centroid and updating the centroids until convergence.
The K in K-Means Clustering represents the number of clusters that the algorithm should form. The value of K is usually determined by the user, based on some prior knowledge about the dataset or by running the algorithm multiple times with different values of K.
K-Means Clustering is widely used in various applications such as customer segmentation, anomaly detection, and image segmentation. It can handle large datasets and is computationally efficient, making it ideal for clustering large datasets. However, the resulting clusters may depend on the initial positions of the centroids, and the algorithm may not work well if the clusters have non-spherical shapes or if the data points are not well-separated.






Pros
Cons






Simple to implement
Can scale to large datasets
Guarantees convergence
Easily adopts to new inputs
Generalizes to clusters of different shapes and sizes




Dependent on initial values
Sensitive to outliners
Scalability decreases when dimension increases
Manual choice of K






6. Support Vector Machine (SVM)
Support Vector Machine (SVM) is a supervised machine learning algorithm used for both classification and regression problems. The algorithm works by finding the best hyperplane that separates the data into different classes, where the hyperplane is defined as the linear decision boundary that maximizes the margin between the classes.
SVM is particularly useful when dealing with non-linearly separable data by using a kernel function to transform the input space into a higher-dimensional feature space, where the data may become linearly separable. The kernel function allows SVM to handle complex data distributions without explicitly defining the mapping function.
SVM is widely used in a variety of applications such as image classification, text classification, and gene expression analysis. It is a powerful algorithm that can handle high-dimensional data and has a good generalization performance. However, SVM may be sensitive to the choice of kernel function and the tuning of hyperparameters, and it may not perform well with large datasets.






Pros
Cons






Good at high dimensional data
Can work on small dataset
Can solve non-linear problems




Inefficient on large dataset
Requires choosing the right kernal






7. Principal Component Analysis (PCA)
Principal Component Analysis (PCA) is a mathematical technique used to reduce the dimensionality of a dataset while retaining as much of the variability in the data as possible. The technique works by identifying the directions in the data that explain the most variation and projecting the data onto those directions.
PCA aims to find a set of new variables, called principal components, that are linear combinations of the original variables and capture the most important patterns in the data. The first principal component captures the largest amount of variance in the data, followed by the second principal component, and so on.
PCA is widely used in various fields such as image processing, bioinformatics, and finance. It can be used for exploratory data analysis, data visualization, and data compression. Additionally, PCA can be used as a pre-processing step for other machine learning algorithms to reduce the dimensionality of the input space and improve the performance of the model.






Pros
Cons






Reduce correlated features
Improve performance
Reduce overfitting




Principal components are less interpretable
Information loss
Must standardize data before implement PCA






8. Naive Bayes
Naive Bayes is a simple yet effective probabilistic machine learning algorithm used for classification and prediction problems. The algorithm is based on Bayes' theorem, which states that the probability of a hypothesis is proportional to the conditional probability of the evidence given that hypothesis.
Naive Bayes assumes that the features of the data are conditionally independent given the class, which means that the presence or absence of one feature does not affect the probability of the other features. This assumption simplifies the computation of the conditional probabilities and allows for fast and efficient training and prediction.
Naive Bayes is widely used in many applications such as spam filtering, sentiment analysis, and document classification. It can handle both binary and multi-class classification problems and works well with high-dimensional and sparse data. Additionally, Naive Bayes requires relatively little training data and can be trained in real-time.






Pros
Cons






Short training time
Suitable for categorical inputs
Easy to implement




Dataset is assumed to be independent which is rare in real life
Estimation for zero frequency can be inaccurate






9. Artificial Neural Network (ANN)
Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) are a set of machine learning algorithms inspired by the structure and function of biological neural networks in the human brain. ANNs consist of layers of interconnected nodes, called neurons, that process and transmit information. ANNs can be classified into different types, including feedforward networks, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. Each type has its own unique architecture and is suited for different types of data and applications.
ANNs are capable of learning complex patterns and relationships between inputs and outputs, making them useful for a wide range of applications, such as image recognition, speech recognition, and natural language processing. The network learns by adjusting the strengths of the connections between neurons, based on the patterns in the training data.
ANNs require large amounts of training data and significant computational resources for training and inference. However, they are widely used in industry and academia due to their high accuracy and ability to learn complex patterns and relationships in the data.






Pros
Cons






Have fault tolerance
Able to learn and model non-linear and complex relationship
Can generalize to unseen data




Black box and hard to explain results
Long training time
Not guaranteed convergence
Hardware dependence
Requires user to translate the problem






10. Adaptive Boosting (AdaBoost)
Adaptive Boosting (AdaBoost) is a popular machine learning algorithm that is used for classification and regression problems. The algorithm works by combining multiple weak learners, such as decision trees or neural networks, to create a strong learner that can accurately classify data.
AdaBoost works by iteratively training weak learners on the data and assigning higher weights to the misclassified samples in each iteration. The algorithm then combines the weak learners by assigning weights to their predictions based on their performance. The final prediction is made by the weighted sum of the predictions of the weak learners.
AdaBoost is widely used in various applications such as face detection, text classification, and fraud detection. It is particularly useful when dealing with imbalanced datasets, where the number of samples in one class is much larger than the number of samples in the other class.
Overall, AdaBoost is a fast and efficient algorithm that can achieve high accuracy and is robust to noise in the data. It is often used in combination with other algorithms to improve the overall performance of the system.






Pros
Cons






Relatively robust to overfitting
High accuracy
Easy to understand and visualize




Sensitive to noise data and outliners
Not optimized for speed







Summary
These summarize the 10 most widely used statistical tools which can handle many real world data modelling problems.
In my next articles, I will discuss how to implement these models for algorithmic trading. If you find my articles inspiring, like this post and follow me here to receive my latest updates.
Enter my promote code "AjpQDMOSmzG2" for any purchase on ALGOGENE, you will automatically get 5% discount.







6
0




 Posted on : 2023-05-01 03:30:38.774479





 Email
 Facebook



 1,016










 
Ivan









very useful, thank you!





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-05-05 08:45:12.751818















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Request for TradingView Pine Script Convertor






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Ivan







Request for TradingView Pine Script Convertor
Programming



Hey Algogene team, I have some strategies previously written on TradingView. After playing Algogene platform for a while, I am really impressed with your powerful system, so I am gonna to migrate my strategies to here. I am wondering if there is any tool that I can convert from pine scripts into Algogene code? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-05-05 08:52:01.654500





 Email
 Facebook



 680










 
admin









Hello Ivan, thank you for the suggestion. Our development team will study on this. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-05-06 03:50:51.387067















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect Trading Account with Bybit






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect Trading Account with Bybit
How it work



ALGOGENE now supports users to trade with Bybit accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!


Open Bybit trading accounts through our partnership link (https://partner.bybit.com/b/algogene), you will enjoy:

Get up to 30,000 USDT Bybit Starter Rewards
$1,000,000 Lucky Draw on Bybit
Life-long 10% commission rebate on Bybit
HK$300 free credits on ALGOGENE




This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your Bybit trading account. The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who is Bybit?
Bybit (https://www.bybit.com/) is a crypto exchange established in March 2018. As of the time of writing, Bybit ranks to be the top #8 cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume. It provides more than 300 cryptocurrencies for spot, perpetual, future, option, and NFT trading.
Bybit has over 10 millions user globally, and is a current partner of Formula One racing team, Oracle Red Bull Racing, and association football (soccer) teams Borussia Dortmund and Avispa Fukuoka.

Client Onboarding on Bybit

Sign up on Bybit

From top right dropdown, click "Account & Security" and follow the instructions to complete ID Verification



Create Sub-account
It is advised to create multiple sub-accounts on Bybit to manage different trading strategies.

From top right dropdown, click "Sub-account"


Click "Create Sub-account"


Choose "Standard Sub-account"


Set "Username", then click "Confirm"



Create API Key for Sub-account

From top right dropdown, click "Sub-account"


Under your sub-account, click "API Management"


Click "Create New Key"


Choose "System-generated API Keys"


Set up API Key
    	

Select "Connect to Third-Party Applications", then choose "AlgoGene"
API Key permission select "Read-Write"
Premission Type check all except "Account Transfer"
Click "Submit"



Get your "API Key" and "API Secret"




Enable Unified Trading Account on Bybit
Users are recommended to enable the Unified Trading Account setting on Bybit. It provides a faster execution speed, and allows you to trade Spot, Perpetual, and Option products simultaneously within a single account, without transferring assets back and forth.
The Unified Trading Account can be enabled as followed:

Head to the USDT Perpetual, USDC Perpetual or USDC Option trading page, or visit the Derivatives or USDC Derivatives page under Assets, and click on Upgrade to Unified Margin Account


You can read the introduction and advantages of Unified Margin Account in the pop-up window. Then, click on Next.


Click on Confirm –> Next to upgrade to the Unified Margin Account.




Reference:

Introducing Unified Margin Account: Multi-Asset Trading Under One Account
How to Get Started With a Unified Margin Account


Config on ALGOGENE

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Choose "Bybit" in broker dropdown
Update the connection settings as follows:

"API Key" -> Your Bybit's API Key
"Password" -> Your Bybit's API Secret





Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with Bybit.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your Bybit linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"



Happy Trading! :)






8
0




 Posted on : 2023-05-10 02:04:24.867953





 Email
 Facebook



 1,137













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Martingale Trading Strategy - Guide and Example






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
TingTing







Martingale Trading Strategy - Guide and Example
Trading Strategy



Background
Martingale strategy is a betting system that originated in 18th century France and was popularized in the 19th century. The system was named after a casino owner in London named John Henry Martindale, who encouraged players to use the strategy to win at his casino.
It is based on the idea of doubling your bet after each loss in order to recoup previous losses and make a profit.



Casino Example
Here's an example of how the Martingale strategy works in roulette:

The player places a $1 bet on red. If the ball lands on black, they lose the bet.
The player doubles their bet to $2 and places it on red again. If the ball lands on black again, they lose $2.
The player doubles their bet to $4 and places it on red again. If the ball lands on black again, they lose $4.
The player doubles their bet to $8 and places it on red again. If the ball lands on red this time, they win $8 and have recouped their previous losses and made a $1 profit.

Here's a table that shows the player's bets and outcomes:



BetOutcomeTotal Profit/Loss




$1Loss-$1


$2Loss-$3


$4Loss-$7


$8Win+$1




The mathematics behind martigale strategy
A martingale strategy operates in a way that a player doubles their bet after every loss, with the goal of eventually winning back all of their losses and making a profit. Assume the initial bet size is $1, the betting sequence will be {1, 2, 4, 8, 16, ..., 2^n}. Each term is double the previous term, which represents the doubling of the bet after each loss.
Mathematically, the martingale strategy works under the assumption of a fair game with no house edge. In a fair game, the probability of winning and losing is equal, and the expected value of each bet is zero. Therefore, if a player bets $1 and loses, they will bet $2 on the next round. If they lose again, they will bet $4, and so on. Eventually, they will win a round and recoup all of their previous losses, plus a profit of $1.
In other words, suppose a player loses for n consecutive rounds and win at n+1 round,

Sum of all previous loss = 1 + 2 + 4 + ... + 2^(n-1) = 2^n - 1
Win at (n+1) th round = 2^n
So the total profit/loss will be +1

The probability of losing n consecutive rounds is 0.5^n. Therefore, the probability of losing 10 consecutive rounds is only 1/1024, which means that the martingale strategy is highly likely to succeed in the short term. However, in the long run, the strategy is not sustainable as it requires an infinite bankroll and the possibility of hitting a losing streak that exceeds the player's bankroll.

How martingale strategy works in financial market?
An important assumption for martingale is that each round is independent. In financial market, there are literactures already showed that the price movement is somehow random. Thus, the idea is simply that by doubling the position size after a loss, a trader will eventually win and make up for the previous losses, assuming that the market will eventually turn in the trader's favor.

Working with ALGOGENE trading API
In this example, we apply martingale strategy for day trading on S&P500.
At initialization, we set the base bet size to be 0.01 lot and cap the take profit and stop loss each round to be 10 index points (i.e. bet_amt).
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.bet_amt = 10
        self.bet_size_base = 0.01
        self.bet_size = self.bet_size_base
        self.entry_price = None
        


Now, under 'on_marketdatafeed()', when there feed in new day market data, we will open a buy order if we have no outstanding position.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # open new trade if no position
        pos, _, _ = self.evt.getSystemOrders()
        if pos[md.instrument]["netVolume"]==0:
            order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                instrument = md.instrument,
                openclose = 'open', 
                buysell = 1,                   # buy
                ordertype = 0,                 # market order
                volume = self.bet_size, 
                takeProfitLevel = md.askPrice + self.bet_amt,
                stopLossLevel = md.askPrice - self.bet_amt
            )
            self.evt.sendOrder(order)


Once there is order status change, we will update the order entry price if it succesfully open an order. If the order is closed, we will check whether it is a win (take profit) or loss (stoploss) trade, and update the bet size accordingly.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        if of.status=="success":
            if of.openclose=="open":
                self.entry_price = of.fill_price
            elif of.openclose=="close":
                # reset to base size if win
                if of.fill_price > self.entry_price:
                    self.bet_size = self.bet_size_base
                # double bet size if lose
                else:
                    self.bet_size*=2
            


Here the full script I use for backtesting.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.bet_amt = 10
        self.bet_size_base = 0.01
        self.bet_size = self.bet_size_base
        self.entry_price = None
        
    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()
        
    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        # open new trade if no position
        pos, _, _ = self.evt.getSystemOrders()
        if pos[md.instrument]["netVolume"]==0:
            order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                instrument = md.instrument,
                openclose = 'open', 
                buysell = 1,                   # buy
                ordertype = 0,                 # market order
                volume = self.bet_size, 
                takeProfitLevel = md.askPrice + self.bet_amt,
                stopLossLevel = md.askPrice - self.bet_amt
            )
            self.evt.sendOrder(order)

    def on_orderfeed(self, of):
        if of.status=="success":
            if of.openclose=="open":
                self.entry_price = of.fill_price
            elif of.openclose=="close":
                # reset to base size if win
                if of.fill_price > self.entry_price:
                    self.bet_size = self.bet_size_base
                # double bet size if lose
                else:
                    self.bet_size*=2
            


Backtest Setup

Period: 2022-01 to 2022-12
Initial Capital: US$100,000
Data Interval: 1-day
Leverage: 1x
Instrument: SPXUSD


Backtest Result
We can effectively earn some profits.


Conclusion
Martingale stategy is a relatively simple trading strategy that does not require prediction on market movement. However, there is no 100% sure win strategy in the world. When applying the martingale strategy, we should pay attention to the following.

the strategy doesn't guarantee a win if the player experiences a long losing streak and runs out of money to continue doubling the bets
the strategy is based on assumptions

only 2 possible outcomes (i.e. win or lose)
probability of win and lose are equal
each round's outcome is independent


The strategy script presented above is simply to demonstrate how to use ALGOGENE API. It is not the only way to formula the problem. 


Like and follow me
If you find my articles inspiring, like this post and follow me here to receive my latest updates.
Enter my promote code "fMpr6tZJACaF" for any purchase on ALGOGENE, you will automatically get 5% discount.







9
0




 Posted on : 2023-05-20 02:41:17.827953





 Email
 Facebook



 1,163










 
Darius









Personally, I think Martingale strategy won't work in long run, but it is a good coding example to learn.Thanks for sharing.  





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-07 15:11:24.585837












 
Terminator









Followed! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-11 14:38:47.681659












 
Jeremy









The Martingale strategy no longer work in casino nowsday. Casino will introduce certain senario such that the expected value for players will actually be negative. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-20 15:40:13.343237















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Where to backtest for CASH Algo Challenge? 






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
小霸王







Where to backtest for CASH Algo Challenge? 
Programming



Hi, my team has registered for the CASH Algo Trading Challenge 2023. How can we backtest our strategy?





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-05-28 02:57:06.789099





 Email
 Facebook



 625










 
admin









As mentioned during the briefing session, you will be able to access to the contest environment once your team has been shortlisted for the coding round. Please be reminded to submit your trading proposal by 29-May-2023 23:59:59 (HKT), and the first round results will be annouced by 1-Jun-2023. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-05-28 03:26:46.611690















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to place orders during pre-opening session?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Darius







How to place orders during pre-opening session?
Programming



Hi, I am a participant of the CASH Algo Trading competition. I have a question as title. I read this article Understand Order Matching about trading mechanism for stock market.   My understanding is that we can still input orders during pre-opening and after close sessions. I tried on the backtest system but always got orders rejected. Any one can tell me how to do so?





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-07 15:08:42.597239





 Email
 Facebook



 723










 
admin









Hi Darius, you are right. In market practice, you can actually place "At-auction Order" or "At-auction Limit Order" during POS. Here the official trading rules from HKEX for your reference: https://www.hkex.com.hk/-/media/HKEX-Market/Services/Circulars-and-Notices/Participant-and-Members-Circulars/SEHK/2020/95_20_SEHK_Enhancement-of-POS_e.pdfHowever, for simplicity, our backtest system is currently designed in a way that market price observed during POS and ACS is for reference, and you can only trade during CTS. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-08 04:44:38.768876















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to set transaction cost as a percentage?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Terminator







How to set transaction cost as a percentage?
Programming



Hey there, any one know how to set transaction cost as a percentage in backtest? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-11 14:37:22.450789





 Email
 Facebook



 503










 
admin









The online platform currently supports fixed cost setup. If your strategy always trades at a fixed lot size, you can convert to the fixed cost assumption using

Per Order Fixed Cost = (my order lot size) x (contract size) x c%

Otherwise, you can use the formula below as a proxy for the total transaction cost.
Total Transaction Cost = (Annual Turnover Rate) x (Initial Capital) x c%

where c% is the transaction rate






0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-12 01:51:14.490768















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Backtesting not working! DANGER! Prohibited Usage!






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Naruto_boi







Backtesting not working! DANGER! Prohibited Usage!
Trading Strategy



Backtesting not working!!!!Every time, I click on Run, I get a warning DANGER! Prohibited Usage!Does anybody else also facing the same issue here?





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-11 18:51:14.884215





 Email
 Facebook



 661










 
Donald









Better if you can post your code here so others can replicate the problem. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-12 02:14:52.533809












 
walle









Check your browser. I have same error. in my my firefox (old version).  In edge browser its working. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-12 05:09:55.805112












 
Jeremy









Probably same issue https://algogene.com/community/post/82





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-22 02:40:44.183794















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to check whether a news appears during trading session?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Jeremy







How to check whether a news appears during trading session?
Programming



Hi all, from the technical document, i know that "session=0" refers to trading session for placing orders. Orders will be rejected for other non-trading sessions. In fact, my strategy analyze sentiment of news data for making trade decisions. I don't find the "session" attribute for news data. How can I determine if my sentiment prediction is within a trading session? Many thanks in advance! 🙏





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-20 15:34:48.740780





 Email
 Facebook



 626










 
admin









As news are published in 24x7, there won't have the concept of "market session" for news data. 
However, you can create a global variable to check current market session. 
A simple example as follows: 
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
 
class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.isTradingSession = False
        
    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()
 
    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        self.isTradingSession = False
        if md.session==0:
            self.isTradingSession = True
 
    def on_newsdatafeed(self, nd):
        if self.isTradingSession:
            # some order condition checking
            pass







1
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-21 02:22:08.001806












 
Jeremy










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
As news are published in 24x7, there won't have the concept of "market session" for news data. 
However, you can create a global variable to check current market session. 
A simple example as follows: 
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
 
class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.isTradingSession = False
        
    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()
 
    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        self.isTradingSession = False
        if md.session==0:
            self.isTradingSession = True
 
    def on_newsdatafeed(self, nd):
        if self.isTradingSession:
            # some order condition checking
            pass


Thank you. It works now! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-22 02:37:00.147689















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | What is the margin assumption on ALGOGENE?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Sharwan Patel







What is the margin assumption on ALGOGENE?
Economy & Market



Hi team, I encounter many auto-closed positions while backtesting. I believve it is related to margin call? May I know what is the margin assumption on ALGOGENE?I want to implement my strategy to remove this kind of scenario.





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-21 14:12:16.614338





 Email
 Facebook



 664










 
Jonathan Tay









https://algogene.com/community/post/12





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-22 00:58:01.458341












 
admin









Thanks Johnathan sharing the reference link. Hi Sharwan, the margin level actually depends on the leverage you choose.Here an example for your better understanding. eg, account leverage = 5 initial capital = HK$100,000stock A's current price is HK$100 and lot size is 100. When you buy 1 lot, you will need to have HK$100*100/5 = HK$2,000 as margin. In other word, the maximum number of lot you can buy will be 100,000/2,000 = 50 lot. For such case, you account need to have HK$100,000 to maintain the margin. If stock price drops to HK$99, your balance will become 100,000 + ($99-$100)*100*50 = HK$95,000, which is less than the required maintainance margin (i.e. HK$100,000). Thus, the system will auto-close some orders until the latest balance is able to cover the margin requirement. Basically, margin = 1/leverageFor above example, your margin level will be 1/5 = 20%





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-22 02:31:45.376416












 
Sharwan Patel










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
Thanks Johnathan sharing the reference link. Hi Sharwan, the margin level actually depends on the leverage you choose.Here an example for your better understanding. eg, account leverage = 5 initial capital = HK$100,000stock A's current price is HK$100 and lot size is 100. When you buy 1 lot, you will need to have HK$100*100/5 = HK$2,000 as margin. In other word, the maximum number of lot you can buy will be 100,000/2,000 = 50 lot. For such case, you account need to have HK$100,000 to maintain the margin. If stock price drops to HK$99, your balance will become 100,000 + ($99-$100)*100*50 = HK$95,000, which is less than the required maintainance margin (i.e. HK$100,000). Thus, the system will auto-close some orders until the latest balance is able to cover the margin requirement. Basically, margin = 1/leverageFor above example, your margin level will be 1/5 = 20%

Thank you for the explanation. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-22 07:59:44.686964












 
Sharwan Patel










Original Posted by - b'Jonathan Tay':  
                                        https://algogene.com/community/post/12

Thank you for the reference post. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-22 08:00:36.099895















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Stock price issue






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Bella







Stock price issue
Programming



Hi team, I found that the price for 06689HK looks strange. From the console, the price level is around 90.0 before 2023-01-06, but it studdenly drops to the level of 30 after that. However, when I cross check the price chart from other websites, this stock never reached the price level 90 before. The highest should be around 40. Seems it is a data issue? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-23 00:22:29.289632





 Email
 Facebook



 691










 
Jonathan Tay









Hi
Bella,
 
To directly
answer your question, there was a 3:1 stock split that happened which is why
the price dropped by that ratio from 9th Jan 2023.
 
The
reason why you cannot see the price difference some other websites is because
they apply the ratio to edit historical prices make the chart smoother, rather
than have a sudden drop from 90 to 30.
 
The
issue on ALGOGENE is that the position data is not handled correctly to take
into account the corporate action.
For
example if you bought 100 shares at $90 (value $9,000) on 6th Jan,
your position on 9th Jan should be 300 shares (value $10,380 calculated
using $34.6/share), rather than 100 shares at $34.6 (value $3,460)
 
The corresponding
handling should be applied should you have been short as well such that all
position types can be accounted for. 
 
I
suggest avoiding all stocks that have corporate action for the purpose of backtesting as it is currently not being handled correctly on the platform.





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-23 02:23:40.420892












 
admin









Hi Bella, below is the screen captured from Yahoo Finance for better explanation. For 06689HK, there was a 3:1 stock split event on 6-Jan-2023.  In fact, for many data sources available online like Yahoo Finance, the data is backward adjusted. eg. Yahoo Finance's closing price on 5-Jan-2023 shows 30. But in reality, what you actually observed in the market on that day would be 30*3 = 90 (match with the figure you capture from our system). If you have outstanding position (eg. 100 shares) before the split, our system will automatically adjust your position on the split date (i.e. 3*100 = 300 shares). It is our system design to simulate the market environment that you will observe when deploying the script to a real broker account. 









1
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-23 02:38:16.577614












 
Bella










Original Posted by - b'Jonathan Tay':  
Hi
Bella,
 
To directly
answer your question, there was a 3:1 stock split that happened which is why
the price dropped by that ratio from 9th Jan 2023.
 
The
reason why you cannot see the price difference some other websites is because
they apply the ratio to edit historical prices make the chart smoother, rather
than have a sudden drop from 90 to 30.
 
The
issue on ALGOGENE is that the position data is not handled correctly to take
into account the corporate action.
For
example if you bought 100 shares at $90 (value $9,000) on 6th Jan,
your position on 9th Jan should be 300 shares (value $10,380 calculated
using $34.6/share), rather than 100 shares at $34.6 (value $3,460)
 
The corresponding
handling should be applied should you have been short as well such that all
position types can be accounted for. 
 
I
suggest avoiding all stocks that have corporate action for the purpose of backtesting as it is currently not being handled correctly on the platform.

I see, got it now. I will avoid backtesting on these kind of stocks. Thank you for your prompt reply. 👍





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-06-23 02:49:58.856166















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Stop loss using Dollar Risk approach






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Nic C







Stop loss using Dollar Risk approach
Quantitative Model



Risk management is important and necessary for long terms investment. A good risk management mechanism helps keep your account safe from unexpected events and unlucky times, and makes you distinguish from an amateur trader.


From the article Understand Stop Loss Mechanism, it already discussed:

basic stop loss
trailing stop loss

These stop-loss rules simply take into account market price changes. In the following, we will discuss another risk management approach. That is Dollar Risk.

Understand Dollar Risk
It is to risk on each trade only a small percentage of your entire account. This serves to prevent your account from going straight to zero in case of a streak of losing trades. 
For example, if your position size is such that you are risking 20% of the account balance on each trade, a streak of five losing trades will leave your with almost nothing. If you had used a smaller risk of 2%, a streak of five losing trades would still leave 90% of your balance intact. Of course, if the trades were winners the profit with 20% trades would have been higher too, but traders should be prepared for long streaks of losing trades.
It is beyond the scope of this guide to explain what is the optimal percentage of balance to risk per trade, which also significantly depends on your strategy and trading style. Our focus here is to show you how to calculate the position size.

How to calculate Position Size?
For example, your account balance is US$10,000. Assume you want to risk only 1% of your balance on each trade. In other word, you want to cap the maximum loss for each individual trade to US$100.
US$10,000 * 1% = US$100

Assuming this trade is EUR/USD, a standard lot has contract size of 100,000 units and therefore every pip has a value of US$10.
100,000*0.0001 = US$10

Also suppose you want the stop-loss is 50 pips from the open price. This means that 50 pips are valued US$500 for a standard lot.
US$10*50 pips = US$500

Since you want to only risk $100, while maintaining your stop-loss 50 pips away, then your position size should be 0.2 standard lot.
$100 / ($10*50) = 0.2

To summarize, we need the following to calculate the position size:

Your account balance
Percentage of risk for a single trade
Stop loss in pips/points/ticks
Pip/point/tick value


Calculate Position Size in ALGOGENE
First of all, we create a simple python function to calculate the position size.
1
2def CalculateLotSize(bal, risk_pct, sl, contractSize, tickValue):
    return round(bal*risk_pct/(sl*contractSize*tickValue),2)


To further implement on ALGOGENE, the following functions could be useful:

getAccountBalance() - returns the current account balance
getContractSpec() - returns the contract size and minimum tick

 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest

def CalculateLotSize(bal, risk_pct, sl, contractSize, tickValue):
    return round(bal*risk_pct/(sl*contractSize*tickValue),2)

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.risk_pct = 0.01
        self.stoploss = 500  #in no. of min ticks
        self.init_balance = 0
        self.contractSize = 0
        self.minTick = 0

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)

        # get initial balance
        self.init_balance = mEvt['NAV']

        # get contract size and min tick
        instrument = mEvt['subscribeList'][0]
        res = self.evt.getContractSpec(instrument)
        self.contractSize = res["contractSize"]
        self.minTick = res['minTick']

        self.evt.start()



Demo
To illustrate the concept for position size with Dollar Risk approach, let's consider a random trading strategy as follows:

Each trade set risk at 10% of initial account balance (that mean our account will blow up for 10 times of consecutive losses)
Every hour we generate a random indicator for either buy, sell or do nothing
If the indicator show a buy/sell signal, we open an order setting stop-loss to 100 tick away with the calculated the position size

 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
import random

def CalculateLotSize(bal, risk_pct, sl, contractSize, tickValue):
    return round(bal*risk_pct/(sl*contractSize*tickValue),2)

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self):
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.risk_pct = 0.1
        self.stoploss = 100  #in no. of min ticks
        self.init_balance = 0
        self.contractSize = 0
        self.minTick = 0

    def start(self, mEvt):
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)

        # get initial balance
        self.init_balance = mEvt['NAV']

        # get contract size and min tick
        instrument = mEvt['subscribeList'][0]
        res = self.evt.getContractSpec(instrument)
        self.contractSize = res["contractSize"]
        self.minTick = res['minTick']

        self.evt.start()

    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        if md.timestamp >= self.timer + timedelta(hours=1):
            self.timer = md.timestamp

            # random buysell signal. 1 for buy, -1 for sell, 0 for nothing
            buysell = random.choice([-1,0,1])
            if buysell==0:
                return

            # calculate stoploss level
            if buysell==1:
                sl = md.bidPrice - self.minTick*self.stoploss
            else:
                sl = md.askPrice + self.minTick*self.stoploss

            # calculate lot size
            lot = CalculateLotSize(self.init_balance, self.risk_pct, self.stoploss, self.contractSize, self.minTick)

            # send market order
            order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                instrument = md.instrument,
                volume = lot,
                openclose = 'open',
                buysell = buysell,
                ordertype = 0,
                stopLossLevel = sl
            )
            self.evt.sendOrder(order)


Conclusion
Dollar risk position sizing is a risk management approach based on capital consideration. The idea is similar to gambling where each turn you try to risk at the same amount.
The implementation is relatively simple yet effective in many trading scenario.

Like and follow me
If you find my articles inspiring, like this post and follow me here to receive my latest updates.
Enter my promote code "YV1envRo5v0T" for any purchase on ALGOGENE, you will automatically get 5% discount.







2
0




 Posted on : 2023-07-08 16:26:22.261260





 Email
 Facebook



 571













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Question about restart algo






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
SuperB







Question about restart algo
Programming



When I restart the algorithm, will the variables and its stored values in previous script be deleted or not?
If the variable won't be deleted, can the system handle new variables I added under "__init__()"?
Thank you very much!






0
0




 Posted on : 2023-07-10 02:09:44.982880





 Email
 Facebook



 632










 
admin









When you restart algo, all previous variable values/states will be retreived and continue to run from there. 
If you introduce new variables in the script, its value will be initialized. However, if it uses the same variable name, it won't be re-intialized. 

Normally speaking, if you want to re-initialize everything, you will need to click "Reset Environment". 
However this function is currently disabled for contesters to prevent frequent code amendments. 


For your case, you may close all outstanding positions and stop the algo first. Then, we can assist to clear the memory cache at backend so you can rerun from beginning.





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-07-10 02:54:40.278077












 
SuperB










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
When you restart algo, all previous variable values/states will be retreived and continue to run from there. 
If you introduce new variables in the script, its value will be initialized. However, if it uses the same variable name, it won't be re-intialized. 

Normally speaking, if you want to re-initialize everything, you will need to click "Reset Environment". 
However this function is currently disabled for contesters to prevent frequent code amendments. 


For your case, you may close all outstanding positions and stop the algo first. Then, we can assist to clear the memory cache at backend so you can rerun from beginning.

I think I can add new variable for my case. Anyway, thanks for the quick response!  





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-07-10 14:14:10.847278















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Understand the difference between Pip, Point, Tick






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
I can beat Buffett







Understand the difference between Pip, Point, Tick
Economy & Market



Pips, Points, and Ticks are common trading terms to describe price changes in financial markets. The use of these terms depends upon the market being discussed and the amount of the price change in question.



What's the Difference?
Points
A point is the smallest price increment change that can occur on the left side of the decimal point, while the other two include fractional changes on the right.
For example, an investor might describe a stock price increased from $45.0 to $50.0 as a five-point movement rather than a $5 movement.
Each point of movement has a dollar value attached to it, but the exact value varies by exchange and its product specification. For example, each point of movement in Hang Seng Index Future is equivalent to HK$50.

Ticks
A tick is the smallest possible price movement to the right of the decimal.
For example in Forex market, a price change of EURUSD from 1.23456 to 1.23457 would represent one tick.
Ticks do not have to be measured in factors of 10. For example, a market might measure price movements in minimum increments of 0.25. For that market, a price change from 100.00 to 101.00 is four ticks or one point.
For US stock market, prior to April 2001, the smallest tick size was 1/16th of a dollar, which meant that a stock could only move in increments of $0.0625. While the introduction of decimalization has benefited investors through much narrower bid-ask spreads and better price discovery, it has also made market-making a less profitable activity.
The term "tick" is also used in reference to track transactions. In that context, a tick represents a transaction, not a monetary value. When someone talk about "tick", it can refer to the logs of each transaction.

Pips
A pip (i.e. "percentage in point") is usually used in Forex market to denote the smallest price movement that an exchange rate can make based on market convention. 
A pip is the equivalent of 1/100 of 1% or one basis point. For example, the smallest move the USD/CAD currency pair can make is $0.0001 or one basis point.
Most currency pairs are priced to four decimal places and the smallest change is the last (fourth) decimal point. However, many forex brokers nowsdays already support fractional pips (i.e. 1/10 of pips) that allow trading at fivth decimal places.








1
0




 Posted on : 2023-07-16 04:26:46.677691





 Email
 Facebook



 591













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Order closed with unexpected price






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Donald







Order closed with unexpected price
Programming



Hi there, I have a script running in the live-test environment. 
I found that one of my order for 7500HK was closed at $4.77 on 7-Jul. However, I checked other data sources, the lowest price on that day doesn't hit that low. 
Is there anything wrong?








0
0




 Posted on : 2023-07-26 12:29:15.700976





 Email
 Facebook



 436










 
admin









It is a common industrial practice to base on bid/ask for TP/SL monitoring. 
For example, you purchase 100 shares of stock ABC at $10. Also, you set SL level at $8 such that you want to limit the loss amount to $200 [i.e. 100*($8-$10)]. 
As it is a long position, your mark-to-market PL will be calculated as 100*(Bid - $10).




Time
Bid
Ask
Last
Mark-to-market PL




1
10
10.1
10.4
0


2
9.5
9.8
9.6
-50


3
8.8
9.3
9
-120


4
8
8.5
8.3
-200


5
7.5
8.1
8
-250




Therefore, your SL will be triggered at time 4 with a loss amount $200 realized. 
However, for SL based on last price, it will be triggered at time 5. The realized loss will be $250, which can be much more than the orginal expected $200. 

Our system currently doesn't support TP/SL based on last price. 
If you really need to follow this logic, you will need to listen to a higher frequent data stream and monitor in your script. 







0
0




 Posted on : 2023-07-27 01:10:49.232476












 
Donald










Original Posted by - b'admin':  
It is a common industrial practice to base on bid/ask for TP/SL monitoring. 
For example, you purchase 100 shares of stock ABC at $10. Also, you set SL level at $8 such that you want to limit the loss amount to $200 [i.e. 100*($8-$10)]. 
As it is a long position, your mark-to-market PL will be calculated as 100*(Bid - $10).




Time
Bid
Ask
Last
Mark-to-market PL




1
10
10.1
10.4
0


2
9.5
9.8
9.6
-50


3
8.8
9.3
9
-120


4
8
8.5
8.3
-200


5
7.5
8.1
8
-250




Therefore, your SL will be triggered at time 4 with a loss amount $200 realized. 
However, for SL based on last price, it will be triggered at time 5. The realized loss will be $250, which can be much more than the orginal expected $200. 

Our system currently doesn't support TP/SL based on last price. 
If you really need to follow this logic, you will need to listen to a higher frequent data stream and monitor in your script. 



Thanks for the explanation. Could you provide an example how to implement? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-08-31 12:51:13.652485















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect Trading Account with MEXC






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect Trading Account with MEXC
How it work



ALGOGENE now supports users to trade with MEXC accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!


Open MEXC trading accounts through our partnership link (https://m.mexc.com/auth/signup?inviteCode=1gevU), you will enjoy:

Get $1,000 sign-up bonus on MEXC
Life-long 10% commission rebate on MEXC
HK$300 free credits on ALGOGENE




This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your MEXC trading account. The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who is MEXC Global?
MEXC Global (https://www.mexc.com/) is a crypto exchange established in 2018. As of the time of writing, MEXC ranks to be the top #15 cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume. It provides more than 1500 cryptocurrencies for spot, perpetual, future, option, and NFT trading.
MEXC has over 10 millions user over 170 countries and regions globally, and obtained crypto licenses in Australia, Estonia and the United States. The company was awarded to be the "Best Crypto Exchange Asia" in Crypto Expo Dubai 2021.

Client Onboarding on MEXC

Sign up on MEXC

From top right dropdown, click "Identification" and follow the instructions to complete ID Verification



Create Sub-account
It is advised to create multiple sub-accounts on MEXC to manage different trading strategies.

From top right dropdown, click "Sub-Account Management"


Click "Create a sub-account"


Choose "Trade only through the API, no login permission"


Set "Username"



Create API Key for Sub-account

From top right dropdown, click "Sub-Account Management"


Go to "API" section, click "Create an API"


Set up API Key 
    	
Choose your "sub-account"
enable all "View" and "Trade" authority
Click "Create"




Get your "Access Key" and "Secret Key"




Config on ALGOGENE

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Choose "MEXC" in broker dropdown
Update the connection settings as follows:

"API Key" -> Your MEXC's Access Key
"Password" -> Your MEXC's Secret Key





Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with MEXC.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your MEXC linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"



Happy Trading! :)






7
0




 Posted on : 2023-08-07 01:52:30.356788





 Email
 Facebook



 1,058













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | What percentage of investor really make money?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Kelvin Yeung







What percentage of investor really make money?
Economy & Market



Hi all, as titled, I am curious to know how many people can really make money in financial market. Any reference link to some research or reports will be much appreciate. Thank you. 





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-08-17 01:09:41.861533





 Email
 Facebook



 621










 
I can beat Buffett









Generally speaking, majority of investors in the market are actually lossing money. If we really need to calculate the exact number, we need to access the internal data from all exchanges and brokers in the world, which is not possible!
However, there are some brokers providing this kind of statistics so we can get a rough idea what portion of investors are profitable in the market. From Interactive Brokers's website, 
66.3% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with IBKR.



As Interactive brokers is one of the largest brokerage firms in the world, we may take it as a reference to conclude that only 1/3 of retail investors really make money.

Why most traders never succeed is mostly due to the markets: all can't win! To improve your chances, you need to be hard working to do many investment research and backtesting. Personally, I believe quantitative investment like what we are doing here is the best way to get consistent profits in long term.






6
0




 Posted on : 2023-08-18 13:58:36.876137












 
Kelvin Yeung










Original Posted by - b'I can beat Buffett':  
Generally speaking, majority of investors in the market are actually lossing money. If we really need to calculate the exact number, we need to access the internal data from all exchanges and brokers in the world, which is not possible!
However, there are some brokers providing this kind of statistics so we can get a rough idea what portion of investors are profitable in the market. From Interactive Brokers's website, 
66.3% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with IBKR.



As Interactive brokers is one of the largest brokerage firms in the world, we may take it as a reference to conclude that only 1/3 of retail investors really make money.

Why most traders never succeed is mostly due to the markets: all can't win! To improve your chances, you need to be hard working to do many investment research and backtesting. Personally, I believe quantitative investment like what we are doing here is the best way to get consistent profits in long term.

Thanks for sharing the link. If my understanding is correct, the figure from IB is for CFD trading only? How about stock market? Do you also have similar statistics from other brokers? I am thinking to compare this "win rate" for different brokers and decide which broker account I should use for my trading. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-08-23 01:11:09.599148












 
I can beat Buffett










Original Posted by - b'Kelvin Yeung':  
                                        Thanks for sharing the link. If my understanding is correct, the figure from IB is for CFD trading only? How about stock market? Do you also have similar statistics from other brokers? I am thinking to compare this "win rate" for different brokers and decide which broker account I should use for my trading. 

You are right. That IB link only count for CFD product only. As users on Interactive Brokers are mostly professional investors, they are more serious in trading. The actual profitable ratio for general retails could be much lower.   





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-08-31 02:22:14.896369















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Connect Trading Account with BingX






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Connect Trading Account with BingX
How it work



ALGOGENE now supports users to trade with BingX accounts using ALGOGENE dedicated trading gateway!


Open BingX trading accounts through our (partnership link), you will enjoy:

Register to Claim Bonuses of up to $5000+
Lifetime 10% commission rebate for every trade on BingX
HK$300 free credits on ALGOGENE




This article goes through the steps to connect ALGOGENE with your BingX trading account. The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.


Who is BingX?

Founded in 2018, BingX (www.bingx.com) is a leading crypto exchange that offers spot,
derivatives, copy trading, and grid trading services to more than 100 countries and regions
worldwide with over 5 million users. BingX is the first crypto exchange that launches copy
trading services and has the largest crypto trading community. BingX keeps leading in cutting-edge crypto innovation and providing excellent service to both professional and new
traders.

Client Onboarding on BingX

Sign up on BingX

From top right dropdown, click "Identity Verification" and follow the instructions to complete ID Verification



Create Sub-account
It is advised to create multiple sub-accounts on BingX to manage different trading strategies.

From top right dropdown, click "Sub-Accounts"


Click "Create sub-account"


Set "Subaccount name"



Create API Key for Sub-account

From top right dropdown, click "Sub-Accounts"


Next to your subaccount, click "API Management"


click "Create API"


Get your "API Key" and "Secret Key"


Then, click "Edit" to setup API permissions 
    	
enable "Spot Trading" and "Perpetual Futures Trading"
choose "Unrestricted IP Address"
Click "Save"






Config on ALGOGENE

Login ALGOGENE portal
Go to 'Settings' -> 'Trade Account'
Select an ALGOGENE live-test or real-trade account depending on your case


Choose "BingX" in broker dropdown
Update the connection settings as follows:

"API Key" -> Your BingX's API Key
"Password" -> Your BingX's Secret Key





Deploy Algo
After successful connection from above, you are now ready to deploy and trade an Algo with BingX.
1. Deploy from a DIY script

Under ALGOGENE 'settings', choose your BingX linked account


deploy any one of your backtested script



2. Deploy from algo marketplace subscription

Explore available trading bots from ALGOGENE Marketplace
Choose a desired trading bot, click "SUBSCRIBE"
Select your desired "Run Mode" and "Account", then click "SUBMIT"



Happy Trading! :)






7
0




 Posted on : 2023-08-25 00:36:35.078233





 Email
 Facebook



 1,249










 
Donald









Good to hear that!





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-08-31 12:51:59.616897















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | A Python Example to Publish Trading Signal using REST API






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







A Python Example to Publish Trading Signal using REST API
How it work



Hi there! If you are managing your own trading system(s) on a local server, and want to list them on Algo Marketplace to attract investors, this article will present you how to publish your trading signals to ALGOGENE server.

Preparation
All you need is to get an API Key which will be your account credential for data exchange with ALGOGENE server. You can generate the API key as follows:

Login ALGOGENE
Go to [Setting]
Click [Generate] API Key



Example for Random Trading Strategy
For demonstration purpose, we will implement a simple random trade strategy as follows:

For every 1 minutes, we generate a random indicator for "BUY", "SELL", and "DO NOTHING"
Close all outstanding orders first if any
If the indicator 

value = "BUY", we open 1 lot of BUY position for BTCUSD
value = "SELL", we open 1 lot of SELL position for BTCUSD



Python Implementation
We will base on REST API (https://algogene.com/RestDoc) to implement this random trade strategy.
First of all, let's import the necessary python modules, and also define the variables to connect our ALGOGENE account.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10import requests, random
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
from time import sleep, time

base_url = "https://algogene.com/rest/v1"

api_key = "YOUR_API_KEY"
user = "YOUR_USER_ID"
runmode = "livetest"
accountid = "YOUR_ACCOUNT_ID"


Then, we will create four python functions for

obtain session token
open order
close order by trade ID
query order by trade ID


1. obtain session token (https://algogene.com/RestDoc#/operations/get-session)
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8def get_session_token():
    url = base_url+"/session"
    data = {
        "api_key": api_key,
        "user": user
    }
    r = requests.get(url, params=data)
    return r.json()


2. open order (https://algogene.com/RestDoc#/operations/post-open_order)
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16def open_order(instrument, buysell, volume, orderRef=""):
    url = base_url+"/open_order"
    data = {
        "api_key": api_key,
        "user": user,
        "runmode": runmode,
        "accountid": accountid,
        "instrument": instrument, 
        "buysell": buysell, 
        "volume": volume,
        "orderRef": orderRef,
        "ordertype": "MKT",
        "token": token
    }
    r = requests.post(url, data=json.dumps(data))
    return r.json()


3. close order by trade ID (https://algogene.com/RestDoc#/operations/post-close_orders)
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12def close_order(tradeID):
    url = base_url+"/close_orders"
    data = {
        "api_key": api_key,
        "user": user,
        "runmode": runmode,
        "accountid": accountid,
        "tradeIDs": tradeID,
        "token": token
    }
    r = requests.post(url, data=json.dumps(data))
    return r.json()


4. query order by trade ID (https://algogene.com/RestDoc#/operations/get-query_order)
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12def query_order(tradeID):
    url = base_url+"/opened_trades"
    data = {
        "api_key": api_key,
        "user": user,
        "runmode": runmode,
        "accountid": accountid,
        "tradeID": tradeID,
        "token": token
    }
    r = requests.get(url, params=data)
    return r.json()


Now, we are ready to implement the random trade strategy.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28token, token_expiry = "", ""
tradeID = ""
dt = datetime.utcnow()-timedelta(minutes=60)
while True:
    if datetime.utcnow()>=dt+timedelta(seconds=60):
        dt = datetime.utcnow()
        # renew session token
        if str(dt)>token_expiry:
            res = get_session_token()
            token = res['res']['token']
            token_expiry = res['res']['expired_utc']
            
        # close previous orders
        if tradeID!="":
            res = query_order(tradeID)
            print('query_order ... ', res)

            res = close_order(tradeID)
            print('close_order ... ', res)

        # generate indicator and open order
        buysell = random.choice(["BUY","SELL",""])
        if buysell!="":
            res = open_order(instrument="BTCUSD", buysell=buysell, volume=1)
            tradeID = res['tradeID']
            print('open_order ... ', res)

    sleep(1)


Full Python Script
For those who would like to try out, here is the full script for your easier reference.
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93import requests, random
from datetime import datetime, timedelta
from time import sleep, time

base_url = "https://algogene.com/rest/v1"

api_key = "YOUR_API_KEY"
user = "YOUR_USER_ID"
runmode = "livetest"
accountid = "YOUR_ACCOUNT_ID"

def open_order(instrument, buysell, volume, orderRef=""):
    url = base_url+"/open_order"
    data = {
        "api_key": api_key,
        "user": user,
        "runmode": runmode,
        "accountid": accountid,
        "instrument": instrument, 
        "buysell": buysell, 
        "volume": volume,
        "orderRef": orderRef,
        "ordertype": "MKT",
        "token": token
    }
    r = requests.post(url, data=json.dumps(data))
    return r.json()

def close_order(tradeID):
    url = base_url+"/close_orders"
    data = {
        "api_key": api_key,
        "user": user,
        "runmode": runmode,
        "accountid": accountid,
        "tradeIDs": tradeID,
        "token": token
    }
    r = requests.post(url, data=json.dumps(data))
    return r.json()

def query_order(tradeID):
    url = base_url+"/opened_trades"
    data = {
        "api_key": api_key,
        "user": user,
        "runmode": runmode,
        "accountid": accountid,
        "tradeID": tradeID,
        "token": token
    }
    r = requests.get(url, params=data)
    return r.json()

def get_session_token():
    url = base_url+"/session"
    data = {
        "api_key": api_key,
        "user": user
    }
    r = requests.get(url, params=data)
    return r.json()



token, token_expiry = "", ""
tradeID = ""
dt = datetime.utcnow()-timedelta(minutes=60)
while True:
    if datetime.utcnow()>=dt+timedelta(seconds=60):
        dt = datetime.utcnow()
        # renew session token
        if str(dt)>token_expiry:
            res = get_session_token()
            token = res['res']['token']
            token_expiry = res['res']['expired_utc']
            
        # close previous orders
        if tradeID!="":
            res = query_order(tradeID)
            print('query_order ... ', res)

            res = close_order(tradeID)
            print('close_order ... ', res)

        # generate indicator and open order
        buysell = random.choice(["BUY","SELL",""])
        if buysell!="":
            res = open_order(instrument="BTCUSD", buysell=buysell, volume=1)
            tradeID = res['tradeID']
            print('open_order ... ', res)

    sleep(1)


Result
Running the program above, you will see results like this.


open_order ...  {'status': 'PENDING_TO_FILL', 'timestamp_utc': '2023-08-31 14:00:51.330180', 'tradeID': 746805590705}
query_order ...  {'count': 1, 'res': [{'broker': 'ALGOGENE', 'buysell': 1, 'channel': 'api', 'expiry': '', 'holdtime': 0.0, 'instrument': 'BTCUSD', 'market': 'CRYPTO', 'openclose': 'open', 'order_Ref': '', 'price': 30086.67, 'product_type': 'SPOT', 'right': '', 'stopLossLevel': 0.0, 'strike': 0.0, 'symbol': 'BTCUSD', 'takeProfitLevel': 0.0, 'timestamp': '2023-08-31 14:00:53.787035', 'trade_ID': '746805590705', 'unrealizedPL': -36.56, 'volume': 1.0}]}
close_order ...  {'res': "Submitted close order request for '746805590705',", 'status': 'SUCCESS'}
open_order ...  {'status': 'PENDING_TO_FILL', 'timestamp_utc': '2023-08-31 14:01:55.921894', 'tradeID': 746805715738}
query_order ...  {'count': 1, 'res': [{'broker': 'ALGOGENE', 'buysell': 1, 'channel': 'api', 'expiry': '', 'holdtime': 0.0, 'instrument': 'BTCUSD', 'market': 'CRYPTO', 'openclose': 'open', 'order_Ref': '', 'price': 30086.67, 'product_type': 'SPOT', 'right': '', 'stopLossLevel': 0.0, 'strike': 0.0, 'symbol': 'BTCUSD', 'takeProfitLevel': 0.0, 'timestamp': '2023-08-31 14:01:55.947898', 'trade_ID': '746805715738', 'unrealizedPL': -36.56, 'volume': 1.0}]}
close_order ...  {'res': "Submitted close order request for '746805715738',", 'status': 'SUCCESS'}
open_order ...  {'status': 'PENDING_TO_FILL', 'timestamp_utc': '2023-08-31 14:02:56.596691', 'tradeID': 746805776466}
query_order ...  {'count': 1, 'res': [{'broker': 'ALGOGENE', 'buysell': 1, 'channel': 'api', 'expiry': '', 'holdtime': 0.0, 'instrument': 'BTCUSD', 'market': 'CRYPTO', 'openclose': 'open', 'order_Ref': '', 'price': 30086.67, 'product_type': 'SPOT', 'right': '', 'stopLossLevel': 0.0, 'strike': 0.0, 'symbol': 'BTCUSD', 'takeProfitLevel': 0.0, 'timestamp': '2023-08-31 14:02:56.645858', 'trade_ID': '746805776466', 'unrealizedPL': -36.56, 'volume': 1.0}]}
close_order ...  {'res': "Submitted close order request for '746805776466',", 'status': 'SUCCESS'}



Remarks

All available trading instruments can be found from here
If you want to trade on broker accounts, please firstly configure the broker connection on [Setting] page
If you have multiple strategies, you will need to open and run on multiple ALGOGENE accounts. Please head to [Service] page to upgrade your account!


Happy Trading!







9
0




 Posted on : 2023-09-01 05:13:24.717977





 Email
 Facebook



 737










 
小霸王









Thanks for providing the source code!





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-09-11 08:57:30.121934















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | What is the best method to extrapolate financial time series? 






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
小霸王







What is the best method to extrapolate financial time series? 
Quantitative Model



As titled, from you guys experience, what would be the best extrapolation method suggested for future price prediction?





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-09-11 09:01:11.275381





 Email
 Facebook



 556










 
Gary Fung









The financial market is full of uncertain. It is impossible to predict or extrapolate. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-09-15 07:29:01.877189












 
Henry Tsai









There are a lot of statistical models available for prediction tasks. Personally speaking, I prefer to use time series models like ARIMA which is more applicable to handle financial time series data. As what Gary mentioned, the financial market is full of uncertain, no model will work for long range extrapolation. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-09-19 01:13:24.257981















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guideline for Performance Report Generator






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guideline for Performance Report Generator
How it work



ALGOGENE is excited to announced a new system feature for performance report generation! Unlike usual backtest where you are required to code and define your trading logic/model, this function is for tasks like

performance simulation and analysis based on a given set of trades
cross validation between the backtest results from third party systems/platforms


Preparation
All you need to do is to prepare a trade file defining:

Timestamp: the transaction time, format in "YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS"
Symbol: available financial instruments refer to here 
Buy/sell: the direction of a trade, 1 for buy and -1 for sell
Price: the executed price
Quantity: the executed quantity, unit in shares


Example
Let's say we have a trade file as follows. It uses "|" as file delimiter, and columns presenting in the order of timestamp (time zone in UTC+0), symbol, buy/sell, price, and quantity.
2019-01-01 01:02:00|ETHUSD|-1|7.5|13.208
2019-01-02 01:07:00|ETHUSD|1|7.5|14.607
2019-01-02 01:17:00|BTCUSD|-1|0.03|3844
2019-01-03 01:02:00|ETHUSD|-1|6.46|15.327
2019-01-09 01:17:00|BTCUSD|1|0.03|4022
2019-01-10 01:02:00|ETHUSD|1|6.46|15.245
2019-01-10 01:10:00|BTCUSD|1|0.03|3786.52
2019-01-17 01:10:00|BTCUSD|-1|0.03|3587.38


Report Generation

Log into ALGOGENE, go to [My History] > [Report Generator]
Copy your trades to the left panel
Define your strategy settings, and file specification
Click "Generate"



You will then see the report being processed


You can load the details as if a usual backtest on the platform



Demo




Now, we got a new tool for speed up the algo development process! Happy Trading!







8
0




 Posted on : 2023-09-18 01:57:12.481349





 Email
 Facebook



 674










 
Ivan









Hello, i love this new feature. I ran a backtest from MT5 and downloaded the transaction log. How can I backtest on algogene with my MT5 broker's market data?





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-10-18 13:00:10.225582












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Ivan':  
Hello, i love this new feature. I ran a backtest from MT5 and downloaded the transaction log. How can I backtest on algogene with my MT5 broker's market data?

Hi Ivan, you can follow the steps below:Download market data from MT5  Upload the data file onto your cloud directory and create unique instrument names (https://algogene.com/community/post/26)Follow this article to upload the transaction file with your defined instrument names





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-10-19 01:59:05.592268















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Bond Market Introduction






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Zhang Jun







Bond Market Introduction
Economy & Market



A bond is a financial instrument typically issued by a government, company, or other entity to raise funds. A bond is a form of borrowing in which the issuer (debtor) lends money to the buyer (creditor) and in return pays back the principal and a certain amount of interest at a specific date in the future. Here are some important points about bonds:

Issuer: Issuers of bonds can be governments (treasury bonds), companies (corporate bonds), or other entities that need to raise funds to support various projects and operations.

Face Value: Bonds usually have a face value that represents the principal amount of the bond, which is the amount borrowed. Face value is usually USD 1,000 or multiples of other currencies.

Interest: Bondholders receive certain interest payments while they hold the bond, usually on an annual or semi-annual basis. The interest rate is called the coupon rate of the bond.

Maturity date: A bond has a maturity date, at which time the bond issuer must repay the principal of the bond to the bondholder.

Market trading: Bonds can be traded in the secondary market, and investors can buy and sell bonds on exchanges or trading platforms. Bond prices can fluctuate in the market, which affects the bond's yield.

Yield: The yield of a bond is an important concept. It is the relationship between the interest payment of the bond and the market price of the bond. When bond prices rise, yields fall and vice versa.

Bond Rating: Bonds typically receive a credit rating, with rating agencies assessing the credit risk of the bond issuer to provide investors with information about the bond's risks.


Bonds are generally considered a relatively low-risk investment option because they typically have stable interest payments and a clear maturity date. However, risks with bonds remain, particularly related to credit risk (the issuer's inability to repay the debt on time) and market risk (bond price fluctuations). Investors should carefully consider these factors when purchasing bonds and make decisions based on their own investment objectives and risk tolerance.






0
1




 Posted on : 2023-10-02 07:31:48.222561





 Email
 Facebook



 350










 
Davis









it's better to give some examples ...





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-10-18 13:49:08.521336















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guideline to setup Incoming Webhook Signal with TradingView






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guideline to setup Incoming Webhook Signal with TradingView
How it work



We are excited to announce the release of our latest feature - Webhook signal trading!


Now, you can trigger your ALGOGENE strategies based on TradingView alerts! This means a new world of possibilities such as:

various indicators in TradingView can now be used to automate your trading without coding
you can create multiple signals on TradingView and execute on a single broker account that is connected on ALGOGENE
a single alert from TradingView can be executed to multiple broker accounts connected on ALGOGENE
distribute your real-time signals to ALGOGENE marketplace to showcase your trading performance and attract investment




This article goes through the steps to apply ALGOGENE webhook on your TradingView account. The overall workflow is summarized in this diagram.



What is Webhook?
A Webhook lets you send a POST request to a specific URL when an alert is triggered. This feature can be enabled when creating or editing an alert on TradingView (or other third party platform). Add the URL given by ALGOGENE, it allows you to link TradingView signals to any brokers/exchanges supported by ALGOGENE such as Interactive Brokers, Binance, etc. TradingView will send a request as soon as an alert is triggered, with the request body containing the alert message. If the alert is activated, TradingView will send the request to ALGOGENE which will then automatically create a trade on your connected broker accounts.

How to Use Webhook Signal Trading?
Using Webhook Signal Trading is as simple as 3 steps:

Run a strategy on TradingView (or other third party platform)
Create a webhook on ALGOGENE
Activate the webhook on TradingView to start receiving signals


Prerequisite
Please take note of the following before starting Webhook signal trading with TradingView (or other third party platforms)

The webhooks feature may not be available for free users. For TradingView, you need to subscribe for Pro/Pro+/Premium plan to enable webhooks.
Keep your webhook URL confidential and avoid sharing it with others to prevent receiving fake incoming signals and unauthorized orders
All third party (eg. TradingView) alerts are sent based on your own settings, and you should be responsible to test it completely before using it in a real account
There may be risks of signal loss or delay, as the triggering of signals relies on a third-party platform.


How to create Webhook on ALGOGENE?

Login ALGOGENE Portal, go to [Settings]


Go to [Live Demo] or [Real Trade] depending on whether you want to connect the signal to a paper or real trading account
Mouse hover to your subaccount, then click "Webhook Setup"


Click to "Set" webhook key
For better account security, you can also white-list the IP that our system will accept the signal messages sent from


Copy this webhook key


How to activate Webhook on TradingView?

Login TradingView, then go to "Chart" (https://www.tradingview.com/chart/)
Create your strategy on TradingView. Here we use "MA Cross" as an example.

Click "Indicators"
Search and add "MA Cross" strategy



Click "Alert"


Go to [Settings], paste the following in message


1
2
3
4
5
6
7{
    "instrument": "{{ticker}}",
    "price": "{{close}}",
    "ordertype": "LMT",
    "buysell": "{{strategy.order.action}}",
    "volume": "{{strategy.order.contracts}}"
}


Go to [Notifications], enable webhook URL and input

https://algogene.com/rest/v1/webhook/USER_ID/WEBHOOK_KEY/trade



Click "Create"


Reference: https://www.tradingview.com/support/solutions/43000529348-about-webhooks/

Message Specification
Here is all available attributes that can be included in TradingView message.



Attribute
Description
Optional
Example




instrument
the trading instrument. Make sure the instument name aligns with ALGOGENE's symbols https://algogene.com/community/post/48
No
BTCUSD


buysell


the buy/sell direction
'BUY' for buy direction, 'SELL' for sell direction


No
BUY


volume
the order quantity, unit in number of shares
No
100


ordertype


the order type
'MKT' for market order, 'LMT' for limit order, 'STOP' for stop order


No
LMT


price


Only required when ordertype = 'LMT' or 'STOP'
refer to limit price for limit order, stop price for stop order


Yes
15000


timeinforce
For limit/stop order, specify the maximum number of seconds to wait before auto-cancelling the order if not filled
Yes
86400


takeProfitLevel
the take profit level after the order has been opened
Yes
20000


stopLossLevel
the stop loss level after the order has been opened
Yes
10000


holdtime
the holding time (in seconds) if the order has been opened
Yes
86400


orderRef
your reference message attached to this order
Yes
test




This new feature unlocks a world of opportunities. Start automating your trading journey with Webhook Signal today!








6
0




 Posted on : 2023-10-05 05:34:03.372738





 Email
 Facebook



 959










 
Henry Tsai









Can I connect TradingView with my MT5?





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-10-19 01:52:56.447439












 
admin










Original Posted by - b'Henry Tsai':  
                                        Can I connect TradingView with my MT5?
                                    
Currently it supports receiving signals from TradingView, then execute on MT5. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-10-22 12:37:01.005562















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 421
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Ivan







A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?
Quantitative Model



Hello, I've been backtesting many different ideas and i have been talking with a friend about this topic and we conclude that there's no a general outperformer.But the question is whether a strategy must outperform different assets to be considered a good one? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-10-18 12:44:19.518541





 Email
 Facebook



 422










 
Davis









If a strategy performs poorly in one asset but very well in others, it would be worthwhile to investigate more. But you should also evaluate if it was due to pure luck or a genuine edge in your strategy.There's no one-size-fits-all answer to whether a strategy must outperform different assets to be considered good. It depends on your own situation, investment goals, and risk tolerance. A well-planned strategy should align with your goals and be flexible enough to adjust to changing market conditions so you can make informed decisions.





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-10-18 13:47:59.910155












 
Henry Tsai









No, a "good" strategy is one that generates a positive risk-adjusted return, exceeding the benchmark of your choice, for the same period of time and instruments that you choose to run on.Keep in mind that There is no signal rule to determine "good" or "bad".There is no God strategy that generates profit all the time on all asset classes.If you look at many professional systematic traders, they'll all have a broad basket of strategies that work for different market regime. If you develop a strategy and it looks like it used to work, keep it on file. Maybe it'll work again at a future time.





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-10-19 01:51:40.847680















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 489
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 422
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
cau







Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition
Quantitative Model



By performing the Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) or Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) on moving average helps improve the sensitivity of the model to pivot points and rebounces. SSA is often used to smooth out noise of univariate time-series and to study their spectral characteristics.
The aim of SSA is to decompose a time series into smaller components to better interpret its trends. SSA takes the chracteristic difference between a sliding window as the major contributing signal and ignores the rest, hence achieving the best de-noising effect. 

SSA Calculation


The above matrix X maps the trajectory of the x. m is the sliding window, where n = T - m + 1, We will performing SVD on the matrix X.T*X. We will be extracting a set of matrix {m} of the eigenvalues: λ1 ≥ λ2 ≥ ⋯ ≥ λm ≥ 0.
There are four steps to the calculation. 

Step 1. Get window matrix
First we will have to choose an appropriate length for the slinding window where . By transforming all observed 1D time-series data into a 2D matrix, so that the trajectory matrix X = [X1,...,Xn] = (xij)n, m i,j = 1 has values X1,...,Xn, (Xi = (yi, ... yi+m-1), n = T-m+1).


Step 2. Perform SVD
According to the Eigen decomposition theorem, v is the eigenvector and A is a square matrix. 


The above can also be written as follows,


where Σ is the diagonal Matrix and Q is the orthogonal matrix. 

Suppose we have a matrix of M,


If we multiply the matrix by the directional vectors (x, y) the result will be as follows,




We can see a change in the directional vector (x, y) after the tranformation (multiplication). When the matrix M to be mutiplied is not symmetrical,


The directional vector changes its direction pointing to the blue arrow,


To capture a pivot point, we can use the above change in the directional vector as a signal. By performing eigen decomposition we can obtain the eigenvector and eigenvalues of the tragectory matrix. However, there are also limitations to eigen decomposition, it requires the matrix to be investigated to be a square matrix.
In order to combat the stated issue with the eigen decomposition theory. SVD provides a convienient solution for an NxM matrix. Take the following matrix as an example,


V is an NxN matrix, U is an MxM matrix and the diagonal matrix takes the shape of MxN. By performing matrix diagonalization, 


The v here corresponds to the right single-vector, where u is the left single-vector,


σ is the single-value which is very similar to an eigenvalue, it is rapidly decreasing, the top 10% or 1% of the sum of eigenvalues is the top 99% or above of the sum of single-values. The first single-value is extracted and used to recreate the trajectory matrix.


Step 3. Recreating the Trajectory Matrix (Time-Series)
With normalization to smooth out the time series, 


We can rebuild the matrix using the following equation,


The code is as follows,


Step 4. Define the Parameters
To put it all together,


Rest of the code


Results
Backtest Settings:

Instrument: USDJPY
Period: 2022.10 - 2023.08
Initial Capital: US$10,000
Data Interval: 1-day bar
Allow Shortsell: True


Backtest Result


Conclusions
As we can see the strategy doesn’t perform too well, this could be due to a few different factors:

The sliding window period m is set to 20 days, this could be further adjusted to cater to the specific asset’s volatility
A stop loss level can be deployed to prevent excessive downside







2
0




 Posted on : 2023-10-19 14:01:14.346199





 Email
 Facebook



 490










 
Nezuko









Good way to smooth out outlier! Thanks for explaining the details!





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-11-06 02:34:40.621792












 
Mukesh Ram









can you explain in 1 sentence what SSA is used for? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-12-14 07:14:57.511325















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 235
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 490
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 422
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Nezuko







Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...
Programming



Hi, does anyone use IBKR TWS for trading? I've been getting lots of "None" type returns from IBKR's API. Is IBKR's API still doing that thing where you have to install their client portal on your machine and you need to re-authenticate once a week? Or is there any config to remove such annoying things?





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-11-06 02:21:39.282252





 Email
 Facebook



 236










 
Percy









Unfortunately, they still have such requirement and there is no such config on their portal. 
However, you can automate it with ALGOGENE API. (https://algogene.com/community/post/25)
They are connecting IBKR via CP Web API such that you don't need to re-auth every week. 






0
0




 Posted on : 2023-11-07 04:28:50.419951















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 293
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 236
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 490
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 422
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Backtest setting question for competition






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Zero







Backtest setting question for competition
Programming



Hey there, I am a participant of the Algo Trading Challenge 2023/24 (Global). Just want to clarify whether there is trading fee including in the competition?





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-11-09 08:14:16.837862





 Email
 Facebook



 294










 
admin









For backtest, it is feasible for your to try different transaction cost value to validate the profitability of a trading strategy. After your submission, the script will be evaluated separately, and there will be 0.2% transaction costs applied to all teams to determine the winner.  





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-11-09 15:14:59.609797















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 231
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 294
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 236
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 490
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 422
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to register Bitget account for HK residents?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Tommy Lai







How to register Bitget account for HK residents?
Economy & Market



Hi, we are participants for the Algo Trading Challenge 2023/24 (Global) for the crypto stream. We check that Bitget website is not accessible for HK residents. How can we register Bitget account for the contest? Thanks! 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-11-17 02:04:16.270057





 Email
 Facebook



 232










 
admin









Bitget currently has some restrictions for Hong Kong residents due to legal consideration.  For the contest, you can use VPN to redirect your IP to other regions (eg. US, Japan, Korea, Singapore, etc) for registration. Then, you can still use Bitget platform without ID verification.





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-11-18 07:03:28.947835















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 252
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 232
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 294
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 236
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 490
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 422
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to close orders by orderRef?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Gary Fung







How to close orders by orderRef?
Programming



Hey there! I have a backtest script containing multiple strategies. I managed the orders in a way that orders opened from the same strategy will have the same order reference. Sometime when a strategy doesn't performance well. I would like to close all outstanding orders created by that strategy. Instead of keep track of all trade ID and close 1 by 1, is there a way that I can close all orders with the same order reference?





1
0




 Posted on : 2023-11-24 08:04:03.074929





 Email
 Facebook



 253










 
admin









We support close orders by 'orderRef'. You can refer to sample12 under the "Place Order" section in tech doc. (i.e. https://algogene.com/TechDoc#PlaceOrder)
However, this feature is only supported when position netting is set to false. 
Here is a quick example for your reference. Let's say we keep opening new orders every day. Also, we assign orderRef=1 for the first 10 orders. Then we want to close the first ten orders on day 20.

 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41from AlgoAPI import AlgoAPIUtil, AlgoAPI_Backtest, PATH_CO_CLIENT
from datetime import datetime, timedelta

class AlgoEvent:
    def __init__(self): 
        self.timer = datetime(1970,1,1)
        self.cnt = 0
    
    def start(self, mEvt): 
        self.evt = AlgoAPI_Backtest.AlgoEvtHandler(self, mEvt)
        self.evt.start()
    
    def on_marketdatafeed(self, md, ab):
        if md.timestamp>=self.timer+timedelta(hours=24):
            self.timer = md.timestamp
            self.cnt+=1

            # assign order reference
            if self.cnt<=10:
                orderRef = 1
            else:
                orderRef = 2

            # open order
            order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                orderRef = orderRef,
                instrument = md.instrument,
                buysell = 1,
                volume = 0.01,
                ordertype = 0,
                openclose = 'open'
            )
            self.evt.sendOrder(order)

            # close all orders with the same order reference
            if self.cnt==20:
                order = AlgoAPIUtil.OrderObject(
                    openclose='close',
                    orderRef=1
                )
                self.evt.sendOrder(order)







0
0




 Posted on : 2023-11-25 06:46:13.152162















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 126
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 253
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 232
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 294
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 236
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 490
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 422
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
admin







Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet
How it work



What is ALGOGENE Wallet?
It is a stored value digital card to make efficient online payment/transfer on ALGOGENE. Some of the benefits include:

fast payment process to purchase on ALGOGENE
one time top-up, then pay-as-you-go to auto-charged from your wallet
no need to bind your credit cards for regular subscriptions
the entitled rewards/promotional credits will be added to your wallet




How can I pay with my ALGOGENE wallet?
After top up the wallet balance, it can be spent on any products and services on ALGOGENE platform.
For example, if we want to use it to upgrade the backtest environment,

Go to [Services] page, go to [Strategy Research Lab] section
Choose your desired backtest package
Choose "My Wallet" upon checkout




Another example, if we want to subscribe a trading bot,

Go to [Algo Marketplace] page
Choose your desired trading bot
Choose "My Wallet" upon checkout




How can I top up my wallet?

Go to [Settings] page, then [My Wallet]
Click "Top Up" button



Then choose your desired payment method and amount




How can I withdraw money from my wallet?
For fiat money withdrawal, bank transfer is currently supported. First of all, you need to register your bank account information at our payment agent Stripe.

Go to [Settings] page, then [My Wallet]
Under "Wallet Connection", click to create a stripe account and follow the steps to register your bank information




Stripe connection is an one off process. After that, 

Go to [My Wallet]
Click "Withdraw" button



Enter your desired withdrawal amount, then click "Withdraw"



Note that 
		
you can withdraw only when your wallet balance is more than $100 USD or equivalent
there will be a small portion of bank charge and handling fee for using bank transfer











2
0




 Posted on : 2023-12-06 08:00:42.584321





 Email
 Facebook



 127













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 109
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 127
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 253
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 232
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 294
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 236
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 490
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 422
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | How to implement CAPM?






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Mukesh Ram







How to implement CAPM?
Programming



This may be a simple question. My trading idea is to buy stocks which have positive excess return base on CAPM theory. Anyone can give some guidance how the backtest code should be?





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-12-14 07:27:40.937645





 Email
 Facebook



 110










 
Terminator









Can you share what have you coded so far? It's better for others to comment on your existing code. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2023-12-17 09:25:03.503015












 
Money









I can help coding this strategy for you. pm me. 





0
0




 Posted on : 2024-01-06 11:19:37.076459















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 40
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 110
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 127
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 253
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 232
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 294
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 236
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 490
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 422
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Nicole







Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis
Economy & Market



In the fast-paced world of financial markets, algorithmic trading has emerged as a game-changer, providing traders with a competitive edge and the ability to capitalize on market opportunities swiftly. Robo-trading has become increasingly popular, offering automated trading strategies that execute trades based on predefined criteria. In this article, we will compare and analyze the features of various prominent algorithmic trading platforms in the market, including ALGOGENE, MetaTrader5, QuantConnect, RiceQuant, and TradingView. 



1. ALGOGENE (https://algogene.com)
ALGOGENE’s strength lies in its ability to generate and optimize trading strategies based on historical data, market conditions, and user-defined parameters. The platform's appeal lies in its adaptability and customization options, allowing traders to fine-tune strategies to their specific needs. ALGOGENE also operates a robo-trading marketplace, in which investors can choose to buy/subscribe to the various robo-traders available to do algo trading for them. It is the worldwide first blockchain and NFT application on algorithmic trading to emphasize on its transparency in every move that the robo traders make on the investors account, and thus incrementing trust from users. 



2. MetaTrader5 (https://www.metatrader5.com/)
MetaTrader5 is a leading platform in the algorithmic trading industry. Its strength lies in its wide adoption and compatibility across various brokers. MT5 offers a comprehensive suite of tools for algorithmic trading, including advanced order types, built-in indicators, and an intuitive development environment. One drawback is its primarily retail-focused user base, which may not cater to the needs of institutional traders or those requiring advanced trading functionalities. Additionally, the platform's programming language, MQL5, may not be as flexible or widely supported as other programming languages used in algorithmic trading.


3. QuantConnect (https://www.quantconnect.com/)
QuantConnect is renowned for its cloud-based algorithmic trading platform. A key strength of QuantConnect is its vast community and open-source ecosystem. Traders can tap into a wealth of knowledge, shared algorithms, and collaborative discussions. The platform's versatility allows users to build, test, and deploy algorithms across multiple asset classes, catering to both novice and experienced traders. While QuantConnect is a widely recognized platform with an extensive ecosystem, it does have some weaknesses. One limitation is the steep learning curve for novice traders due to its complex architecture and extensive documentation. Additionally, the availability of financial data for backtesting and strategy development may be limited, especially for niche or less liquid markets.


4. RiceQuant (https://www.ricequant.com/)
RiceQuant stands out with its focus on quantitative research and data analysis. Their strength lies in providing comprehensive financial data and powerful analytical tools. Traders can leverage these resources to conduct in-depth research, backtest strategies, and gain valuable insights. RiceQuant, being a Chinese-based platform, primarily focuses on the Chinese equities market. This regional focus could be a weakness for traders seeking global market exposure. Additionally, the platform's user interface may not be as intuitive for non-Chinese users, which could pose challenges for international traders.


5. TradingView (https://www.tradingview.com/)
TradingView has gained popularity for its intuitive and visually appealing charting platform. Its main strength lies in its extensive charting capabilities and social trading features. Traders can access a wide range of technical analysis tools, customizable indicators, and real-time market data. While TradingView offers a versatile platform with a range of features, it has certain weaknesses. The platform's copy-trading capabilities are not as robust compared to specialized algorithmic trading platforms. Traders may find limitations in terms of customization options and advanced backtesting functionalities, which are essential for developing complex trading strategies.


Conclusion
With the advancements of algorithmic trading platforms in the market, it is important for investors to consider the offered services of different platforms in regards to their financial goals. By carefully evaluating both strengths and weaknesses, traders can make informed decisions and leverage the power of robo traders to enhance their trading strategies in today's dynamic and competitive markets. 
ALGOGENE has shown to be one step ahead in the market by having fine-tuning functionalities suitable for high performance goals, with its transparency policy also takes a step forward in which others are not able to offer. For more details on the services they offer, you can visit Algo Marketplace to explore high performance robo traders to reach your financial goals. 

Special Offer
Enter my promote code "355HJSdMNyBy" for any purchase on ALGOGENE, you will automatically get 8% discount.






4
0




 Posted on : 2024-01-05 03:15:48.740409





 Email
 Facebook



 41













1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 36
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 41
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 110
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 127
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 253
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 232
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 294
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 236
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 490
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 422
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
ALGOGENE | Simple concept about portfolio






























































 Home
 Services
 Marketplace
 Community
 Login

































 
Kaonashi







Simple concept about portfolio
Quantitative Model



In a simple setup, let's say (w1, w2) are weights invested in assets 1 and 2.
I only saw discussions when w1+w2=1, even if short selling is allowed.
Suppose I short the first asset and long the second one. My initial investment is 0.
What are the "weights" in this scenario? 





0
0




 Posted on : 2024-01-06 01:51:32.059398





 Email
 Facebook



 37










 
Money









0.5 for both. Note that we are taking the absolute value of the weights. It means that it should have been -0.5 (short) and +0.5 (long) such that they offset each other. However, we took |-0.5| = 0.5 (for the short position) for computation purposes.





1
0




 Posted on : 2024-01-06 11:13:57.345785












 
tony lam









Accademic people often analyze portfolios where there are an equal size long and short positions, so the weights add up to zero. Such portfolios are usually referred to as "arbitrage portfolios" or "zero net investment portfolios". 
In real life, no broker will allow you to create such a position, you need to put up some cash to cover your potential losses. So for realistic analysis of an arbitrage strategy you have to decide how much cash (equity) you are going to put in. i.e. the degree of leverage you are willing to take. Only then would you be able to compute the actual returns an investment would make.
So there are two ways to analyze arbitrage portfolios, a simplified approach where the two weights add up to zero (usually seen in academic paper). Or a more realistic approach in which cash is also modeled and the three weights again add up to 1.





1
0




 Posted on : 2024-01-07 02:51:02.681617















1













Categories



Economy & Market 27
How it work 38
Programming 52
Quantitative Model 14
Trading Strategy 12












Hot Topic





Simple concept about portfolio

 37
 2
 0
 2024-01-06





Unleashing the Power of Robo-Traders: A Comparative Analysis

 41
 0
 4
 2024-01-05





How to implement CAPM?

 110
 2
 0
 2023-12-14





Guideline to use ALGOGENE Wallet

 127
 0
 2
 2023-12-06





How to close orders by orderRef?

 253
 1
 1
 2023-11-24





How to register Bitget account for HK residents?

 232
 1
 0
 2023-11-17





Backtest setting question for competition

 294
 1
 0
 2023-11-09





Too annoying for IBKR to re-auth weekly...

 236
 1
 0
 2023-11-06





Introducing Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) for Time Series Decomposition

 490
 2
 2
 2023-10-19





A good strategy must outperform in many uncorrelated assets?

 422
 2
 0
 2023-10-18



























About
ALGOGENE is the next generation investment platform for learning, developing, testing, executing, and investing trading bots!


Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Download App
Career Opportunity



Trader & Developer

API Documentation
Algo Trading Challenge
Algo Research Lab
Algo Live Simulator
Integrated Trading Engine
AI Data Studio
Market Data Solution
Algo Partnership
Trading App Store
Open Data Center



Investor

Algo Marketplace
Community
Robo-Trader
Robo-Advisor

Portfolio Builder
Referral Program


Institution

Enterprise Trading Solutions
Affiliate Program


















English
中文(繁體)
中文(简体)
日本語
한국어



© 2024 Copyright  |  ALGOGENE FINTECH CO. LTD.  |  All Right Reserved
